NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 30, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 0z70h4843
---
SW 25,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS CREAT VOTING CONTEST - - - SEE PAGE 2. "W TRAVELERS F REE TRIPS to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to WashGRAND PRIZES. ington and numerous other prizes in the Greatest Popular Voting Contest Ever Known. ESTABLISHED 1824. THE HODSAC TUNNEL Was constructed to promote commerce by lowering freight charges. President Tuttle tells the public that in 1899 his Boston 38; Maine Railroad charged Over Fifty Per Cent. More for hauling through freight, per ton per mile, than the Tunnel Route did —9.8 mills against 6.4 mills. President Tuttle now seeks control of the Tunnel.  44444444444444 t THREE 6REAT QUESTIONS, I  Mr. Bryan Says Republicans Should Desert   Their Party on Money, Imperialism 4  or the Trusts.  -f- The fronts. Imprrlnlhm find money are the three great  4 problems before the country. The presidential campaign of 44- 1000 will be fought on one or all of these Issues. The big 4 4 timbers in the platforms of the Democratic and Republican  4 parties will be declarations on these questions. In view of 4 4 the belief of ninny prominent Democrats, of all sections of 4 4 the country, and particularly In the Eaat and South, that 4 4 the money question should be subordinated to the light 4 4 against the trusts and imperialism, THE TRAVELER has 4 4 asked Mr. Bryan for a statement. 4 4 Here is his reply, given to a TRAVELER reporter todayi 4 4 Tell the people of New England that mauy differ in opin- 4 4 lon u to the relative importance of the three question., 4 4 money, trusts and imperialism. I think that the Republi- 4 4 cans are wrong on all three questions, and that the Repub- 4 4 llcan position on any of the questions is sufficient to drive 4 4 out of the Republican party any man who believe, in the 4 4 equal rights to all and special privileges to none." 4  4 4 4 4 4 4 44444444444444444444444 A STUDY IN MOBILITY. 44444444444444444444444444444444 TWO BOLD BURGLARS CAPTURED South Boston Police Sur prise Men With a Jimmy At Work. A trace of housebreakers, probably members of the jimmy gang,'' which has been operating In all parts of the city the past three weeks, were caught BOSTON BLEND is still the INCOMPARABLE 25c. COFFEE In 1 or 2 lb. cans. Wiy don t YOU try I!? Cobb, Bates 38; Yerxa Co. Jau27.30 dead to rights In South Boston about 4 o'clock this morning by two division 6 patrolmen. The officer'- were compelled to draw their revolvers and threaten to bag their game. The air was piercing cold and blow ing up great clouds of dust as Patrol men Manning and Wiseman stood on the corner of West Third and Second streets comparing notes on what took place on their beats during their hours of duty. Suddenly there came a crash. Look ing in the direction whence the sound came the officers descried two men at work upon the front door of Bridget Byon's grocery store at No. 6 West Third street. The officers, keeping in the shadow of the block, swooped down on the thieves, one of whom was busily en gaged with a jimmy, while the other stood a few feet away with his back toward the officers. The burglare were commanded to sur render. Taken so completely bv sur prise, the robbers had no alternative than to submit. They were handcuffed and taken to Station G, where they gave the names of William Fenno and James Walsh. Fenno said that he was 20 years old. and that he lived in Worcester, in Schrewtberg street. Walsh was reluctant to enterinto a discussion concerning himself. He said that he had no home and that no one cared for him. The prisoners were brought to Chef Watts office and inspected, as it was thought they are professional "lim my" workers with local and New York records. thTweather. Snow and Warmer. WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.-New Eng land: Snow and warmer tonight; in creasing southerly winds; Wednesday, snow. he bouton traveler. USST      6.30 P. M. SENATOR GOEBEL SHOT DOWN 44444444444444444444-44f4- NM. J. BRYAN REACHES BOSTON Great Crowd Greets the Democratic Leader In the Terminal Station. HE APPEARS IN GOOD HEALTH William Jennings Bryan is in Boston today. He arrived from Providence at 9. 18 and was escorted to the American House, where he was given a breakfast by the Bryan Club of Massachusetts. At noon in Faneuil Hall Mr. Bryan was given a recep tion preceding the banquet tendered by the Democratic state committee. After the banquet Mr. Bryan rested in the home of Rob ert Treat Paine, Jr., preparatory to the great public reception in Mechanics building tonight. Hon. William Jennings Bryan, volun teer soldier and statesman, the foe of imperialism and the champion of sil ver, arrived in Boston today. He was a passenger in the train which reached the Southern Terminal at 9.18, and for the first time gazed upon the massive structure which has been erect ed since his last visit to this city. He traveled In ar. ordinary day coach, with fellow-members of his party, and came to the Hub on a regular train. Colonel Bryans arrival was awaited by a large crowd, that assembled in the Southern Terminal shortly before 9 o'clock. They braved the wintry blasts which swept through the open station, and stamped their feet in expectancy. The arrangements at the station for handling the crowd were admirable. There was no wild rushing or crushing. General Superintendent Sanborn was in charge. Deputy Superintendent Wil liam Pierce was in charge of the police, assisted by Captain Caln of Station 4, Lieutenant Hall, half a dozen sergeants and 200 patrolmen. Sergeant Stone was on hand w'th a detail of mounted po lice, which will act us Mr. Bryan's body guard during his stay in this city. Robert Treat Paine was one of the early arrivals at the station. He was followed by E. Gerry Brown and Chris topher T. Callahan and other Demo crats of less prominence, who con versed while awaiting Mr. Bryan's ar rival. The despatch that thieves were fol lowing Bry m urged Chief Inspector Watts to the necessity of sending a detail cf Inspectors to the train, and Inspectors Abbott and Mahoney care fully scanned the faces of the crowd that left the train and followed Bryan out of the station. It was just 9.18 when the Providence train rolled into the station. The mem bers of the Democratic state committee were the first to alight from the train. In the party were Colonel Drinkwater, Stephen M. Walsh of Lynn. Hon. Wil liam S. McNary, Senator Ray of Ash land. George F. Washburn, president of the Bryan Club; Mayor Greene of Woonsocket, Dr. E. S. Taylor. Dr. W. H. G. Rowe, Dr. B. F. McCoy, T. B. Newhall, Congressman Lentz of Ohio and Mr. Bryan. As the latter stepped from the train TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900. he was given a hearty cheer from the crowd inside the train-shed rail. He stepped from the train with the agility of a youth. Mr. Bryan w;s robed In an ulster and the black broad-rimmed hat which has made his pictures lamous. He was look ing much better than the last time he visited this city. He has increased in weight, and his general appearance seems to be much Improved. He looked fatigued, which is probably due to the fact that he has been continuously on the stump for several months, and is tired from traveling and working in the interests of his party. , Mr. Bryan bowed to the crowd which lined up outside cf his car, and which comprised nnny train and terminal hands. He held a reception In the train shed and was warmly greeted by those whom he know by name and feature. The party then moved for the station proper, where carriages were in wall ing. . Mr. Bryan occupied a carriage with Robert Treat Paine and President Washburn of the Bryan Club. The car riage was decorated with flags. Con gressman Lentz occupied the next car riage, with Colonel Drinkwater and Mayor Greene of Woonsocket. The other members of the Bryan Club and the Democratic state committee oc cupleit other carriages. The procession was allowed to move out of the Dewey square entrance of the South station, an honor only ac corded to the most prominent visitors. Mr. Bryan s carriage was flanked on cither side by a detail of mounted po lice in command of Sergeant Stone of Station 11. In Dewey square a large-sized crowd assembled to greet the champion of De mocracy. Tho route of the party was through Federal. Milk. Devonshire. Washington and Hanover streets to the American House. A crowd of a coup'e of hundred men and boys followed tho carriage containing Mr. Bryan from the station to the American House, and as he left his carriage gave him a warm welcome. Mr. Bryan, on his arrival at the American House, was turned over to the Bryan Club, whose guest he was to be for a couple of hours. He was enter tained at breakfast. BRYANS JOURNEY FROM PROVIDENCE Colonel William Jennings Bryan, lead er of the national Democracy, arrived in this city today at 9.23 A.M., looking the picture of health.  Mr. Bryal spoke In Infantry hall, (Continued ou Third Page.) 4444444444444444 ENGLISH SOLONS GATHER Parliament Meets With out Excitement. CRISIS IS EXPECTED LONDON, Jan. 80.—Tho preparations for the reassembling of Parliament commenced in chilly, cheerless weather. The members began to arrive at an unusually early hour. Hon. William Massey-Mainwaring, Conservative mem ber for Central Finsbury, was the first to arrivt, entering the precincts of the House at 4.30 A.M., half an hour ahead of Mr. John Cumming Mac Dona, Pro gressive Conservative, member for the Rotherhithe division of Southwark, the second arrival. The other membjns then began to appear at shortening in tervals. About a hundred seats had been re served by 10 oclock whsn the yeomen of the guard arrived from the tower and with lighted lanterns carried out the usual search of the subterranean chambers and passages. Th?re was nothing in the conversation of the early arrivals to suggest any thing in the nature of a panic, and there was little to indicate any keen de sire to embarrass the government. But there were evidences on all sides that the members kesnly realized that they were meeting under exceptional cir cumstances, when preparations were njceesary to meet a grave crisis. Among the curious features of the I situation, the House of Commons was , to bo treated to the singular spectacle ! of Lord Edmund Fitzmaurice, Liberal, I member for the Cricklado, or northern division of Wiltshire, moving a vote to ! censure his brother, the Marquis of ' Lansdowne, secretary of state for war. The speaker, Mr. William Court-GulI ly, arrived at the House of Commons at 1.35 P.M. There was a large attend ance of members. The gentleman usher of the black rod. General Sir M. S. Bid dulph. summoned the commons to the House of Lords at 2.05 P.M., where the lord high chancellor. Earl Halsbury, read the queens speech. The attendance of peers and of the public was not extraordinary. After tho reading of the speech the House adjourned until 4 P.M., and the commoners returned to their House, which also similarly suspended its sit ting until 4 o'clock. !PORT WINE SI PER GALLON How long we shall be able to sell at this price is a problem nearly solved. With freight advanced some 20 per cent, also an advance on all other arti cles, our large stock of Wines bought ; at the Wineries in California before the advance in price will not last always. Higher prices must follow soon. We warrant every drop of Fort, Angelica, Muscatel and other Native Mines, a pure juice of the grape. Buy now. CUSHING MEDI CAE SUFFLY CO., SSO Washington St., Boston _ lan3o-2ti Attempted Assassination of the Claimant to the Kentucky Governorship. FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 30. —State Senator Goebel was shot and badly wounded at ten minutes after 11 this morning. The shooting was done by some man at present unknown. Goebel was not fatally hurt. The ball struck him in the right side and passed through his body, coming out below the shoulder blade. At noon a report from Senator Goebels room is that the wounded man is resting easily. Dr. McMur tray and other Louisville specialists have been telegraphed for, and will arrive here at 4.30 oclock to assist in caring for the wounded man. I Mr. Goebel was walking up the sidewalk leading to the Senate chamber when a man in the second story of the build ing immediately to the east of the capitol fired upon him. Five shots were fired and Goebel fell to the ground. He was at once carried to the Capitol Hotel. A guard was instantly thrown around the building from which the shots were fired, in order to prevent the escape of the assailant. i A force of men dashed into the building and ran up to the room from which the shots were fired, but could find no one. ' The guard was redoubled, and Adjutant-General Collier, an ardent political opponent of Goebel, took charge of it, lead ing the work of finding the man who fired the shots. The wildest excitement prevailed all over the town. They have assassinated Senator Goebel! was shouted into the door of the House of Representatives an instant after the shots rang out. The members rushed pell-mell over one another down the steps to the front of the building, coatless and hatless. In five minutes word had flown and hundreds poured into the State House yard, and it looked as if a riot would result. Cooler heads advised the surrounding of the building from which the shots came, and in less thna three minutes 50 spe cial police surrounded it, and a detail began a search of the in terior for the assassin. i JOHN WHITTAKER UNDER ARREST, FRANKFORT, Ky Jan. 30.—Joh n Whittaker of Butler county has been arrested on ths charge of shooting Goebel. MOTHER VAN COTT. REVIVALIST. She is Stirring Things Up Among the East Side Sltners of New York. You surely dont btUeve that the man really lovm you? Im sure h does. What makes you think so? . "He said hed die for me. That's what they all say, silly. Don't you believe him until he Coes It. B. C. B. C. is not always a reference to the Christian Era. In hundreds of homes it means Before Comfort, and designates that remote period when you struggled along without the conveniences of a toilet table. Those were the days of higher prices, when no toi'et table could be bought for less than J 35. We live in better times now, for the small sum of lB will place this beautiful pattern in your bedroom. It has a top measuring 35 inches by 17 inches. It has a 22-inch plate mirror. There are 2 upper shelves and 2 toilet drawers. The design is very graceful, with French taper legs V and curved box framing. And the price is only lB in quartered while oak with golden finish. Paine Furniture Co., Draperies and Ftlfnltura, 448 CANAI, 1 RAVKLF.R offers an ar ray of Magnificent Prizes in its Voting Con test for the Most Popular  Salesmen or Saleswomen. COUPON ON PACE 2. WHO'S YOUR FAVORITE? STEAMER GREATLY OVERDUE The Nebraska Is Now Twenty Days Out. OTHERS VERY LATE NEW YORK, Jan. 30.—Although the weather was clear, showing a distant horizon, not an Incoming trans-Atlan tic steamer was sighted this morning, and only a coaster or two came into port—a very unusual thing. In consequence the 