NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 22, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 1n79qd258
---
W 100,000 VOTES CAST IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CDWTrST ... SEE PACE 2. 1 Who la Tour Favorite Salesvzoman or Salesman ? Ohre ynu ehoico a trip o Faria fro. Coupon on page X Grand Voting Contest ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. I A Jobbers Stock of 2000 RUGS Bought way under actual value, and will be offered to our customers as long as they last At Unheard of Low Prices. This offers one of the grandest op portunities of a lifetime to secure strict ly high grade, desirable goods at but a small fraction of their true value. ON OUR THIRD FLOOR. ARODAL REVERSIBLE RUGS, size a 1-4x4 OQp ft., regular price 58a each, sale price ARODAL REVERSIBLE RUGS, size 3x6 ft, reg ular price 75a each, sale price w 7 v COLONIAL ART RUGS, suitable for bathrooms, size 2 1-2x5 actually worth 3.00 each, sale price. 1.79 INGRAIN ART SQUARES, size 9xlo 1-2 feet positively worth 5.25, sale price INGRAIN ART SQUARES, 9x12 feet, sold else where at 6.00 each, our sale price 3.45 3.75 SMYRNA RUGS. 1.15 SMYRNA RUGS, size 18x36 inches, sale price.... B9c 1.65 SMYRNA RUGS, size 21x45 inches, sale price.. .  ,25 1.98 SMYRNA RUGS, size 26x54 inches, sale price.. !  ,65 2.75 SMYRNA RUGS, size 30x60 inches, sale price...  .98 3.75 SMYRNA RUGS, size 3x6 feet, sale price 2.98 5.75 SMYRNA RUGS, size 4x7 feet, sale price 4.98 13.75 SMYRNA RUGS, size 9xlo 1-2 ft., sale price .. 9.98 Eleven Men Entombed in Tunnel A Los Angeles Structure Caves In This Morning-One Man Is Dead. LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 22.—Short ly after 1 o'clock this morning the west end of what is known as the Third street tunnel, which is under construc tion between Hill and Hope streets, a distance of three blocks, caved in and entombed 11 laborers and bricklayers, and fatally Injured W. T. Lambie, an inspector tn the employ of the street department. The entombed men are: John Mohn and John Eckhart, brick layers; Frank Polasseur, John Mitchel, William Pauly, Kimberley, Max CoeteHo, Baden, John Bejoe, J. Washburn and Bert Garrett, laborers. The men were engaged In excavating 176 feet from the mouth of the tunnel. Inspector Lambie was in the act of leaving the tunnel -when the cave-ln BRYAN IN NEW YORK NEW YORK. Jan. 22.—William J. Bry an arrived here from Washington this morning. Mr. Bryan was met at his hotel, the Hoffman Hotwe. by a number of local Democratic politicians. He will be the guest of O. H. P. Belmont at dinner this evening. AGED CITIZEN BURIED The funeral of George P. Close, an old resident of Somerville, was held today from his kite residence, 12 Waverly street, this afternoon. Mr. Close died Satuxuay, aged 90. Services were con ducted by Rev. Orville Coats, pastor of the East Somerville Baptist Church. The interment was in Cedar Grove cem etery, Dorchester A WORD to the wise Is sufficient. Dur ing this dull se.rson our prices are 25 to 33 under regular prices. A penny saved is a penny earned. BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 Hanover Street. he "Boston traveler. occurred. His lower extremities were pinned down, and it was eight hours before he was extricated, and then in a dying condition. Twenty-eight feet from the entrance of the tunnel the roof is bricked over, and it is thought that not any of the entombed men were killed. It is thought the imprisoned men will be liberated in the course of 12 or 15 hours. Car Inspector Dead. LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 22.—Street Car Inspector Lambie, who was injured by the caving in of a tunnel here yester day, is dead. Early today two of the entombed men, John Mitchell and John Echart, were rescued. HAZING MAY MEAN DEATH Freshmen of Thiel College, Pa., Terribly Maltreated By Sophomores. SHARON, Pa., Jan 22.—Faust Davis and Walter Zimmerman, freshmen of Thiel College, Greenville, are in a crit ical condition, the result of injuries in flicted in a hazing. They were dragged from their beds in their night clothes, gagged and lashed to trees. Their tormentors then heat them with, clubs and barrel staves until they were unconscious. The freshman class at tempted a rescue but were beaten off. FORTUNE HIS RUIN. Frank A. Goodrich was committed to Foxboro home today as a dipsomaniac by order of Judge Story of the Somer ville Police Court. Goodrich was for merly in the cracker baking business in Charlestown He v as left considerable money on the death of his father, a great part of which, so it is said, he has squandered. ' J. BULL—lsnt it my turn next? —Cleveland Plain Dealer. CHINA GIVES UP THE TERRITORY France Takes By Force of Arms the Kwang Chan Wan Land. THREATENED TO SEIZE CANTON TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 22.—The steam er Monmouthshire brings news from Shanghai that China has acquiesced in French demands for territory at Kwang Chan Wan bay after two more Chinese defeats. China has dismissed the viceroy of two Kwang provinces, appointing Li Hung Chang to succeed him. China also agrees to decapitate the prefect who began the warfare against the French and to pay 200,000 taels indem nity to the families of Frenchmen who were killed. French leaders in Tonkin are greatly elated and declare that while England MANY PAKS TORN OUT Receiver Allen of the Al tham Motor Co. Says the Books Cannot Re Audited. Receiver Allen of the Altham International Motor Com pany says that the books of the company are in bad shape, and it may be impossible to audit them. Whole pages are torn out, he tells THE TRAVELER. Boston men are inter ested in the work of reorganizing the company, and were in strumental in the appointment of Allen as receiver. Whether they take legal action in the case depends upon what the books show and what the returns are on Coes property turned over to the company. Coe says that his arrest on the charge preferred by Fran cis is a mistake. Requisition papers have b een secured, and Inspectors Robinson and Abbott will go to New York for Coe. William W. Coe, formerly treasurer of the Altham International Motor Com pany, waa aireeled in White Plains, N. MONDAY, JANUARY 22. 1900. is busy in Africa, France should extend her sphere of influence over Kwang Tung. Kwangsl and Yunnan, and de mand equality with England in Szechuan. On December 20, 80 French soldiers were sent into the interior to make a demonstration and prevent further na tive uprisings. They engaged a body of Chinese troops and fought their way through. A mob then surrounded them, but was driven back. One hundred na tives were killed or wounded. The same week three companies of marine infantry charged Chinese regu lars. killing 22. French warships then threatened to go up the river and bom bard Canton, whereupon China yielded. Y.. yesterday, and is being held for requisition papers for the Boston police, (Continued on Last Psge.) SAFE CRACKERS IN THE TOILS Newark Police Gather in a Band of Precious Scoundrels. NEW YORK, Jan. 22.—Henry Ogden, alias "Connecticut Blackie,  who has served time in Montana; Frank Laah away, alias New York Whitie, who has been in the Albany penitentiary, and James Murohy, known to the rogues' gallery as Big Jim Murphy," are under arrest at Newark, N. J. They are said to be members of what is known as the Yegg Fraternity of safe crackers. Detectives say they are investigating Vdth the police of Bridgeport, Ct., the attempted murder on Jan. 8 last of Charles Morris, a night watchman at Eckhart's brewery, in that city. Morris was shot by a burglar while making his rounds. On the night of the snooting four sus picious strangers were seen in Bridge port saloons near the brewery. Y'esterday morning a number of Bridgeport witnesses were summoned to Newark, where they fully identified the prisoners as the suspicious characters seen in Bridgeport about the time of the shooting. S.S.PierceCo OFFER FOR Special Sale -AT REDUCED PRICES 55,000 Imported Havana Cigars -AND -100,000 Clear Havana Cigars MADE IN NEW YORK  S.S. Pierce Co Tremont Building, J Cor. Tremont and Beacon Sts. BOSTON. Copley Square,  Coolidges Corner, Brookline. LAST - 6.30 P. M. ENGLISH CHECKED Gen. Warren Fails to Carry the Boer Positions In a Sunday Attack. CAPTAIN OF DOOLINS KILLED SPEARMAN'S CAMP, Natal. Jan. 22.—9.30 A M.—Early on Sunday morn ing General Warren commenced a flanking movement on rhe extreme left of the British position. The infantry advanced at 5 in the morning along the irregular Tabamyama mountain, which ends at Spien Kop. The artillery occupied positions behind and on the plain. The British care fully worked along the hills until within a thousand yards of a command ing kopje, on which Boers were concentrated, concealed behind immense boulders strewn thickly over the hill. The artillery opened the attack, and the batteries worked continuously, pouring tons of shrapnel among the Boers, who devoted their attention to musketry tiring on the British infantry. The Boers stuck to their rocky fastnesses with the greatest tenacity, and at the conclusion of the day the British hid only advanced a few ridges. The Boers, apparently, have few guns, and they did little damage. Captain Henley of the Dublin Fusiliers fell mortally wounded While lead ing his men to seize a fresh point of vantage. LONDON, Jan. 22.—General Bulle r cables to the war office: "Spearman's Camp, Jan. 21—9 P. M.—General Warren has been engaged all day, chiefly on his left, which he has swung forward about a couple of miles. The ground is very difficult, and as the fighting is all the time up hill it Is difficult to say exactly how much we have gained, but I think we are maJcing substantial progress. Earlier In the day the following wasTecelved from General Buller, dated Spearman's Camp, Jan. 21, 6.55 A.M.: In order to relieve the pressure on General Warren and to ascertain the strength of the enemy in the position in front of Potgieters Drift, General  tC'ontluued on Third Page.) SACKETT FOUND GUILTY Jury Racommends Re vere Police Sergeant To Courts Mercy. Police Sergeant Fred S. Sackett of Revere has been declared guilty of as saulting Thoma A. Ahern. The jury retired on Friday afternoon, and this morning brought in a sealed verdict. After the verdict had been rendered the foreman was about to add some thing. and then paused. His honor asked if there was anything more the foreman desired to add. The foreman then said the jury de sired to recommend the defendant to the mercy of the court. His honor said: x desired to ask you a question on that line, whether the jury And that the whole of the claim of the commonwealth was sustained, or whether the verdict is on the ground of the use of excessive violence? The foreman replied: On the ground of excessive violence. On Sept. S last Sackett charged Ahern in the Chelsea Police Court with using obscene language, and the defendant was fined 5. Ahern appealed and the case was heard in the Superior Court, before a jury in the October term, when the jury found a verdict for the defend ant, and Ahern WU3 acquitted. Following that, Ahern brought a charge of assault against Sackett. The case was carefully heard before Judge Fitz, who fined Sackett 5O. From this he appealed, and the case was heard before jury in the Superior Court. THE WEATHER. Falrt Southerly Wind. WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.—For Maine. New Hampshire and Vermont—Fair and warmer tonight; increasing cloudiness Tuesday; brisk southwesterly winds. For Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut—Fair, increasing cloudiness Tuesday; fresh southerly winds, increas ing. Accident to New Bedford Man. John J. Sullivan of New Bedford was found near the south terminal station last evening about 6 oclock in an un conscious condition, the result of an epileptic fit. He was taken to the City Hospital, where a badly cut lip was dressed. He was discharged today. EARTH SHOOK IN MEXICO People Killed at Tenimata and Much Damage Done Elsewhere. COLIMA, Mex., Jan. 22.—An earth quake shock began here at a quarter before midnight Friday and assumed serious prospects at Tenimata. many houses being badly injured and some were wrecked. There was grea: con sternation, and people rushed into the streets, some barely escaping with their lives. Seven people were killed out right and tW were injured and are be ing cared for by local surgeons. Local scientific men believe that the ea'th quake traveled under the Pacific ocean, and that when news reaches here from the coast there will be interesting de tails. The governor of this state has ap pointed a commission to Inspect the churches and public edifices, while own ers of houses injured in the earthquake will be compelled to put then in a condition of security. Quiet is restored and there Is little apprehension of a return of the disturbance. GUADALAJARA, Mex.. Jan. 22—At midnight Friday an earthquake shock cracked the arches and staircase of the State Palace and the porticos of the university and the Dcgallado The atre, the latter one of the most mas sive structures here. The churches of San Francisco and San Jose were damaged. The former Is one of the handsomest edifices on .he continent and Ik locally known as the Golden Cup from the magnificence of its Interior. The government has closed Sagrario Church, fearing the dome will fall in. Otrmen Barracks were badly damaged and news from Zapotlan and Sartla state that several houses were demolished. The shock was felt severe ly at San Blas on the Pacific and noises underground were heard, resembling the hoarse rumbling of a heavy sea dash ing on shore. Meteorologist Conteras predicts a repetition of the shocks. SUCCESSOR TO THEATRE HATS. FREE TRIPS TO PARIS EXPOSITION TRAVELERS ma. nificent prizes for Most Popular o Saleswomen or Salesmen VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE IS DAY WITH NORTON? Reported Deal That Both Will Vote With Five Republicans For Day as Chairman. OTOOLE, CITY CLERK McNary to Have Devers Place—Day and Norton To Stay Out Of Caucus. There is a new deal in the aldermanlc situation. It Is reported that Aider man Norton, who Is disgruntled at the caucus selection of Doyle for chair man of the board, and Ed Donovan for city clerk, called, with his friend. W. S. McNary, on John Lee at city head quarters Saturday evening to persuade Mr. Lee to do something. Lee said he couldn't. McNary then advised Norton to stay out of today's Democratic caucus at Jehan's Inn, set for 1 o'clock. Yesterday afternoon McNary and Nor ton called at Mayor Hart's house. Aiderman Day was sent for and soon arrived. He was persuaded, it Is said, to vote for himself as chairman, with Norton and the five Republicans. This would elect him. The agreement is also said to Include the choice of Frank J. O'Toole for city clerk and of W. S. McNary for clerk of committees in Devers place. There was no agreement on a man for city messenger. The statement was made at City Hall this morning with a degree of positive ness which lent it credence, that the nve Republican aidermen, Messrs. Ad ams, Coaman, Gerry, Jordan and Ting ham, would vote for Frederick W. Day, Democrat, for chairman, and that Ai derman Norton, Democrat, would do likewise. It was also said that this sa