NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 26, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 2b88xq06b
---
USE TRAVELER WANTS. THE prices of TRAVELER Wants are the lowest; returns are the best. Be sure your ad is in SATURDAYS TRAVELER. ONE CENT A WORD. ESTABLISHED 1824.   5  Si :ui w Over coats ,swr 73 j  werMAT  outfitters  For all mankin b -5W WASHINGTON Gk. HAYWARD PLALE.  AND !sio  W H i the WmFsonJoour HlJh rrfd c V P l , l7  , we announce our APPRECIATION to th public of Boston and vicinity for mnltHudf Xchasers h 5 T  ale ftne 'ncnt.. We Intended to close this sale Saturday, but owing to the large at Mich rXlrnd nJ l. T f ken of the oPPr n  r X to are one of our High Grade Sults or Ute chm wVk WearTs public and ourselves we will continue our Great From Mr Rack to Yours Sale one textures that have  ever en g nn d I or cheaply manufactured merchandise, nothing but th best and finest fabr cs and Our price for thFw"k t 0 the m  ot d -- e -SClothing Does Not Grow on Trees But it might as well, as far as prices and quality are concerned. This Tramp is dreaming of the beautiful ted sightly garments he saw In the show windows of the Famous while paying Boston a visit. It so impressed him that while either walking ties—or sleeping under heaven s canopy uppermost In his mind was the Famous Clothing Emporium. The Prices In the poor mans dream are not a dream but realities. Never in the clothing history of the New England States has there been such values of high grade arments offered to the public at such figures Our entire stock is clean and new no oli patterns or styles in our establishment The opportunity is great. Take advantage of this remarkable lO.OO Suit and Overcoat Sale. Dont overlook that we have also placed our regular lO and l2 suits and Overcoats In this sale at 5.00 FERRARO WAS LONG IN DYING Italian Murderer Was Shocked Five Times. NEW YORK, Feb. 26.—Antonio Fer raro was electrocuted at Sing Sing prison this morning for the murder of Luciane Muchio in Brooklyn, on April 4, 1898. The electric current was turned on at 8.20 A.M. and five shocks were ad ministered before the attending physi cians were satisfied that he was dead. He was pronounced dead at 8.28 A.M. The last ten days Ferraro spent in his condemned cell at Sing Sing prison was a period of torture to the nine other men awaiting their fate in the death house. The Italian moaned and wept and cursed his fate continually, and his outbursts of rage kept all the other occupants of the death house in a state of intense nervous excitement. Two of the prisoners in the death house were asleep when Ferraro was led from the room, and he was taken away so quietly that the others did not know when it occurred. As he walked by the side of Principal Keeper Connaughton he looked more like a dumb animal than a human being. When he reached the chair he seated himself without assistance, and the straps were quickly adjusted. Ferraro riled harder than any man who has so far been put to death in the electric chair. At exactly 8.20 the electric current was turned on. It consisted of 1740 febs-oa-8t It. FOR COUGHS AND COLDS Other Good on Same Easy Terms tor This Month Only. EVERYTHING TO FURNISH A HOME ON EASY TERMS. IPARLOR suites: t s nn down :  O I IUU Per Week :holmes,luce38;co. Y (Successors to 0. H. ROBINSON 38; 03.1, I l4OWashingtonSt. D X. PULMONINE. 85 eta. per Bottle. Your druggist has Nothing Hico it W 80,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST! volts, and was continued for seven sec onds. when it was reduced to 250 volts, which was kept on one minute and eight seconds. Dr. Irvine, the prison physician, then examined Ferraro, and a second shock was then given for nine seconds. This was followed by a third shock for 13 sec onds, a fourth shock for three seconds, and a fifth shock for five seconds. The amperage was 9. BARGE SINKS, FIVE LOST  Gen. Wiley Goes Down Oft I Nirragansett Pier With Captain and Five Chil dren. PROVIDENCE, R. 1.. Feb. 26.—Off Narragansett Pier shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday morning, the barge General Wiley foundered during a southeast gale. Captain Harold and four little children were drowned in spite of all attempts to save them. AVERY ESTATE ATTACHES Want Damages for John E. Avery's Death. SALEM. Feb. 26.—An attachment was filed today In the registry of deeds for 30,000 against the estates of John McCaffrey and Christopher P. McCaffrey, both of Boston, doing business as un dertakers under the name of John Me-. Ca ff rey. It is In an action of tort brought by the estate of John E, Avery of Bos ton, the writ alleging that Mr. Avery was knocked down and killed by an undertaker's wagon on Tremont street, Boston, driven by Edward McCaffrey, on Thursday last. Mr. Avery died on Saturday. Edward McCaffrey was ar rested and is out under bonds on the charge of manslaughter. Mr. Avery was 51 years of age, a member of the law firm of Aveiy 38; Stone of Boston. GLOBE BANK. Receiver Wing of the Globe National Bank says: We will pay depositors of the Globe National Bank a dividend of 20 per cent probably next week. By mistake, the address in the adver tisement of Cobb, Hersey 38; Co. of Sat urday was made to read opposite Old South Church, Instead of opposite South Station, as Lt should. Boston traveler. HANNA BILL IS REPORTED WASHINGTON, Feb. 26,—The Senate Committee on Commerce, by a vote of 10 to 6, agreed to report the shipping subsldv bill. BIG FIRE RAGES IN MONTREAL MONTREAL, Feb. 26.—The Theatre Francais and nearly the entire block on St. Catherine street between St. Domin ique and Cadieux streets, was burned this morning. The properties destroyed besides the theatre are; St. Germainos barber shop, saloon owned by "Tip O'Neill, the ex-baseball player and umpire; Groth's jewelry store, Welsh's confec tionery store and the establishment of Mrs. Bernard, dressmaker. Total loss, lOO,OOO. MILLER TESTIFIES. WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.—Lev! R. Mil ler continued his evidence today be fore the House Military Committee in reference to the Idaho labor troubles. It developed little in addition to hfs previous testimony. After a brief ses sion the investigation went over until Wednesday. COBB. HERSEY 38; CO. For 12 Years at Beach and Lincoln Sts., Now at DEWEY SQ. Opp. South StationThis store now fully stocked with as larsje a variety of FIRST QUALITY groceries as any store in this city, which will be sold at reasonable prices. . . PROMPT SERVICE and SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. . . . COBB. HERSEY 38; CO, DEWEY SQUARE. MONDAY. FEBRUARY 26, 1000. NIGHT. EXTRA - - 7.35 un d mn pram r? Wt-. r B F  B B 818 BB 1   H     IM El  UI 1U I W BJj POLICE BOARD INVESTIGATION. ORourkes Death From Whiskey Drinking May Cost Saloon Keeper Ferguson Dear. The circustances around the case of Frank O'Rourke, who drank a quart of whiskey in Bernard Ferguson's sa loon, Dorchester and Ninth streets. South Boston, last Saturday night, are more serious than at first supposed. As near as can be learned. O'Rourke was on his way home from work. While In the saloon aai argument nrose as to how much a man could drink at once. The story told by eye-witnesses is that Ferguson bet O'Rourke that he could not drink a quart of Irish whis key The bet was SI. O'Rourke ac cepted the bet, and Ferguson turned over the quart of liquor. When the liquor was drank, it is said, Ferguson congratulated O'Rourke FOUR KILLED IN A MINE SCRANTON. Pa., Feb. 23.—Four i.m 1 ... ....:.... .1. . were killed this morning in the Mount Pleasant mine by an accident to a mine carriage. The killed are: William Gil bert. Thomas Williams, John Regan and Frank Woodward. The men were de scending the mine to the sixth vein. When the fifth vein was reached the carriage struck an adjustable shelf which had been left projecting, and the men were thrown to the bottom pit. 75 feet below. Gilbert and Regan w re killed instantly, while Williams and Woodward lived only a short time. MCAFFF.EY ARRAIGNED Edward W. McCaffrey, 39. of 71 Oak street was arraigned In the Municipal Court before Judge Wontworth, today, charged with manslaughter in cans ng the death of John E. Avery, 51. a v ;1known lawyer, living at Concord square, on Thursday last, on Tremont street, by running over him with the undertaker's wagon. Thore was no hearing, and McCaffrey was held in 5OOO for a hearing in the Municipal Court on March 6. WHITE HELD FOR G3AND JURY John Wh'tc. 35, of 41 Gold street, South Boston, was arraigned before Judge Wentworth in the Municipal Court charged by Officer McHugh with highway robbery. It is alleged he held up one William 11. OBrien of C Briggs place in Dover street, near Albany, at midnight Saturday night. Nothing was stolen from O'Brien. He waived examination and was held in lOOO for the Superior Court. THE WEATHER. Fair; Westerly Winds. WASHINGTON, Febi 26.—For New England: Fait tonight and Tuesday; diminishing westerly winds. and gave him the dollar and a glass of beer. About 7 o'clock O'Rourke fell o the floor senseless. Several "heelers ' dragged ORourke from the saloon and dumped him in the alleyway next to Ferguson's place, where he was found by the police. He died at tho City Hospital. __ Ferguson 38; Co., in whoso barroom, at the corner of Ninth street and Dor chester avenue, Frank O'Rourke made a fatal liquor-drinking wager Saturday night, will be called upon to give a reason for permitting such a suicidal act on their premises in direct viola tion to their license contract. From the commissioners standpoint the bartender who served the whiskey was it strumental In some respect in causing ORourkes death. If this argu ment is not essential tho board has still another claim. This is that Fer guson 38;; Co.s agent permitted, in fact abetted a gambling wager in direct violation of the rules governing licensed places. To bet, no matter how small or Innocent the stakes, is to gamble, says the board. An I tli FINALLY DONE FOR WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.—The United States Supreme Court today denied the application of Captain Oberin M. t arter to bring his case into that court. There vc n'Flffnn Anininn MRS. HINES APPEALS CASE In the Roxbury District Court today Anni H. Rowan, otherwise known as Annie Hines. ct 9 Thorndike street. Roxburv, was before Judge Bolster on the charge of assault with a dangerous weapon on Lizzie A Stepper of 59 War wick street, on Dec 12. She was found guiltv and sentenced to six months in the House of Correction at Deer Island. She appealed and wis held in 5OO for the Superior Court. The assault Is al leged t be the result of a quarrel in a saloon where personalities were ex changed. 50 Dollars For a Name. The Star Brewing Co, will pay 50.00 to any person for an appro priate name for their new Lager, obe out in April. All names to be in scaled envelopes, to close March 3d, 1900. Address  STAR BREWING CO., Boston. teb2o-2tx Reinforcements Reported To Have Passed the British and Reached the Boer Leader. NEW YORK, Feb. 26.—The Journal says that reinforce ments are swarming to Cronje's aid from all points, and have succeeded in getting inside Cronjes lines. LONDON, Feb. 26.—1 f the latest despatches from Baardeberg throw any light on the situation they show that General Cronje's forces have far more protection from Field Marshal Iord Roberts heavy fire than tho first de spatches Indicated. A special despatch from P.tardeberg, published in tha second edition of the Dally Chronicle, dated Saturday, Feb. 21, says: "A balloon has discovered the enemy we'l covered by a system of bur rowing in tho river bank, which resembles a rabbit-warren, and affords shell-proof positions. This, perhaps, more than any other circumstance, explains why what is looked upon hero as General Cronje's death struggle, is so prolonged. Thus it will not bo much of a surprise if today and tomorrow, which Is tho anniversary of Majuba Hill, pass without being marked by the surrender or annihilation of the gallant band so overwhelmingly hemmed in, though the closeness of tho investment appears open to criticism. Small bodies of Boers, apparently, are ablo o make their escape, causing com;aiibon here between the Boer methods of Investment, with their quickly dug, surrounding trenches, Impassable barbed-wire, etc., and thoso of tho British. As General Cronjo is reported to have plenty cf food, tho plan of starving him out can scarcely avail, so Lord Roberts must either wait until his am munition, which is said to be short, runs out. or those of General Cronjes forces who are counselling surrender prevail. So Indefinite is tho informa tion that either of these alternatives may occur at any moment. In the meanwhile. Lord Roberts engineers aro sapping steadily towards tho Boer laager, and, according to a special from Baardeberg, dated Sunday, Feb. 25. the cordon is gradually drawing closer. ADMIRED EVEN IN LONDON. NEW YORK. Feb. 26.—Undisguised admiration and amazement at tho manner in which the Boer commander Cronje holds out against the British under Lord Roberts marks all the London despatches to the morning papers. To this is added the belief that he cannot hold out much longer. Tho mili tary critic of the Morning Leader says: "Up till Saturday night Cronjo seems to have held on. It Is strange that he should have elected to have a citadel tn a river bed, with heavy rains dua any day. All we have, been able to do is to wound him with artillery, now nearer 70 than 50 guns. "It is rumored that Buller and Roberts arc waiting to strike the final blow simultaneously on Majuba. BOER ATTACK REPULSED. TAARDEBERG, Saturday, Feb. 24.—There win a most interesting series of fights along the British frant yesterday. One thousand Boers command ed by General Dewet who were known to bo operating in the immediate front at early dawn yesterday de'ermined to attempt to break through tho British lines and aid General Cronje. A body of 500 Boers moved to ward the British left and cantered in the direction of a kopjo with the object of occupying it. Unfortunately for the Boers, however, tho kopje was held by a com pany of Scottish Borderers who opened a heavy fire. The Boers galloped off, but moved again towards another British position with exactly the same result They then made a third attempt to occupy another position, but the Borderers were again ready to receive them. The thud repulse thorough ly disconcerted tho Boers, who galloped away In a panic. Later, perceiving another ko;je. tho Boers moved quickly toward it. This (Continued on Third Pane.) THE B. 38; M. UNIFORMS Contract Given to the Continental Clothing House for the 100  Uniforms. The Boston 38; Maine railroad has awarded the "Continental the contract to furnish this year's uniforms for con ductors, brakemen and porters. The I men are to be congratulated, as best work and goods were specified, ami no concern is better able than the Con tinental to furnish first-class gar ments. This house has for several years made the Fitchburg railroad and the greater part of he New Nork, New Haven 38; Hartford railroad uniforms. With the Boston 38; Maine it was not so muca the price named as to get a concern 