NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 17, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 3f468f11t
---
5T HOW FRIENDS OF THE CONTESTANTS ARE WORKING TO SECURE VOTES! ROOMS LET QUICKLY. A TRAVELER Rooms To Let Advertise went will let rooms quickly. Finest medium in New Eugland : : : : : 2 LINES-3 DAYS  30 CENTS. ESTABLISHED 1324. NEGRO BRUTE FOILED He Attacked Mrs. McLaughlin on the Common. Mra. Annie Mclaughlin, a cook in an all-night restaurant in Tremont strjet. South End, was assaulted by a negro on the Tremont street mall of the Com mon early this morning. Mrs. McLaughlin rooms in Joy street. She is in the habit of taking a short cut through the Common mornings when going home. She had scarcely turned into ths mall from the Boylston street, corner when a negro, who was close on her heels, tapped her on the shoulder with an in sulting rema; k. She turned quickly, but before she could cry out the colored man grabbed her by the throat and forced her to her knees. The woman fought desperately, but ths negro held on. In attempting to force his victim to the ground the negro released his grip on her throat. Mrs. McLaughlin screamed for help. A citizen in Boyiston street hjard her cry and turned to her assistance. Seeing him coming the negro released his victim and fled toward Beacon street. Mrs. McLaughlin was assisted to Sta tion 4, when she told her story. She was so thoroughly frightened she had to be taken home In a carriage. BIG STRIKE IS UNLIKELY James Duncan, national secretary of the Granite Cutters Union, states that from present indications the impending strike of granite cutters would be avert ed, and the matter settled amicably. He says: For a number of years past we have been deluged with complaints from dif ferent manufacturers, stating that the difference in the wage rate enabled competing manufacturing concerns to quote better prices, and thus injure the business. The problem was taken under con sideration ana it was decided in the Spring of 1897 to notify all the manufac turing concerns ir New England that on March 1, 1900, the union would de mand an eight-hour day and a uniform wage of 3. The manufacturers all over New England have notified thel rdealers that on and after March 1. 1900, the price on granite will be advanced 33 per cent, and all sales are being made on that basis. "In the different sections of the coun try the wage limit runs from 3 to 34.50. "The Introduction of labor saving ma chinery has practically done away with hand work and a skilled workman can accomplish double the work with the aid of an improved surface-dresser than he could before. "The uniform scale of wages will place the New England manufacturers on a par with those of the Middle and Western states, thus giving each manu facturer an equal chance in quoting prices on the stone. "If the manufacturers oppose the union, they will injure their business. Although the manufacturers are mak ing a show of oppositionf I know that a number of the granite Arms will yield at the last moment and accept the new schedule. LOCAL OPTION ON TAXATION. The Massachusetts Slngl Tax League will celebrate Washington's birthday by holding a free conference of single tax ers and their friends in Chipman Hall. Tremont Temple. The doors will be opened at 2 o'clock. From 2 to 3 o'clock will be devoted to social intercourse, after which the business of the meeting will commence at 3 oclock. The subject of the conference will bj local option in taxation and the best method of ob taining it. A committee will be appointed to ap pear before the Legislature and advo cate the adoption of ths local option law. This law provides that every city by ordinance, or every town by by-law, may, from time to time, determine and provide that all taxes required to be levied or assessed by the board of as sessors other than for state taxes and county taxes shall be assessed upon the value of the land only, excluding build ings and other Improvements, or upon real estate only, or in addition to jlther such value of land or real estate, upon any one or more classes of personal property, instead of by the method at any time required by existing law. yluhpCOLO CREAM No druggist hereabout can make a cold cream which approaches ours for Its velvety and immaculate appearance. Took years of study to perfect this Cold Cream. . . . Oats no more than Inferior kinds. Buy a small box and note Ita superiority 1 ot., lOcj 4 OK.. 25c t 1 lb., 75c For sale at KLEINS PHARMACY, Cor. Tremont and Boylston Stu. febl7x-3m FOR SALE. Thras houses and stable, paying 12 per cent on assessed value; 9000 feet land on corner of twe good streets In Hyde Park. A great bar gain. E. L. PARSONS. 2A Beacon street. Room 15. BIG CHANCE—Melrose houses, double and Single baths, hot and cold water, on good streets, near electric and steam cars. Farms, tores and dining rooms, patents, etc. E. L. PAR-ONS. feblT-tf 2A Beacon street, Room 15. Boer Sympathizer— Why dont you stop that fight, Mr. Officer.? Officer Which fight? —Philadelphia Record. NEGRO SOLDIERS FIGHT POLICE They Raid the Station at El Paso to Rescue a Comrade. TWO MEN WERE KILLED EL PASO. Tex., Feb. 17.- A squad of negro soldiers from Fort Bliss to day raided the police station in this city to release a comrade A fight ensued in which one policeman and one soldier were killed. A BRILLIANT AFFAIR The feature of Washington's birthday In this city is the annual entertainment In Music Hall under the auspices of the Barnard Memorial. The entertainment in Music Hall this year will be the last in this building under the auspices of the Barnard Memorial people. As here tofore the preparations for the fancy dress dances in connection with the en tertainment are In charge of Mrs. Lillie Viles Wyman, who will superintend that portion of the entertainment the day of the performance. Two per formances will be given, one at from 10 to 1 and the other from 2.15 to 5.30. General dancing will precede the en tertainment. Benhnin Will Lecture. G. B. Benham of San Francisco will lecture before the Boston branch of the Socialist Babor party in Puritan Hall, Washington street, tomorrow evening. ANEW DANGER. AGUINALDO MAY FORESTALL US AND AVAIL HIMSELF OF UP-TO DATE METHODS W Boston traveler THE WEATHER. Heavy Snow, Colder. WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.—For New England and eastern New York—Heavy snow tonight; Sunday snow, followed by clearing and mvch colder, high north easterly, shifting to northwesterly winds. Put In at Woods Hole. WOODS HOLE, Feb. 17.—The steamer C. W. Morse, wi'h the steam dredge Empire State, put in here at 9.30 oclock this forenoon to wait for clearing weather. A northeast snowstorm, with very thick and threatening weather, prevailed off the cape and the sea had a heavy roll. In Spain the term Agulnaldo is used to de note the presents made during the Christmas SA lURDAY. FEBRUARY 17. 1900. LAST - - i 6.30 mTHTr BQ MUD Dn I I Lit av IlLnn WILL OFFICIALS INVESTIGATE? Somerville Citizens Demand a Thorough Inquiry In the Frances Bentley Case. THE TRAVELERS story of the treatment of little Frances Bentley, who was disrobed in the Prescott school in order to clear herself of suspicion of theft, has caused great indignation In Somerville. The indignities which this little girl has suffered have brought the greatest sympathy to her and her relatives. Sev eral Somerville citizens of prominence have said that if the School Board does not investigate the outrage of its own accord they will take steps to compel proper redress to the girl. Little Fran ces has undergone extreme humiliation the eyes of her scnoolmate. and it is generally felt that official action should be taken. The best sentiment of all classes of residents of Somerville unites in de nouncing the action of the teachers In permitting the little girl to be so shock ingly humiliated before the other pu pils of the room she attended, and the fact that upon the proof of absolute in nocence of the charge against the child the teachers did nothing In the way of an apology, but simply ordered her to clothe herself again. Superintendent of Schools Gordon A. Southworth thinks that THE TRAV ELER story of the outrage was exag gerated, yet not a single fact has been offered by Principal Johnson, or Tea h ers Boyd or Cate, to palliate the girl's pitiful story of her treatment. Super intendent Southworth knew of the facts in the case some time ago, according to his own statement, and yet nothing was done to Investigate the case, nor would anything have been done had not THE TRAVELER taken the matter up. PLAGUE CASES IN MANILA MANILA, Feb. 17.—Out of a total of 51 cases of suspected bubonic plague reported, 42 proved genuine and 32 deaths resulted, half of them being Chi namen. There were 12 cases during the past week, mostly within the walled city, and a hundred Inspectors, under the superintendence of a health officer, Ma jor Edie, are enforcing the sanitary reg ulations. Thirty of the Inspectors are China men who have been furnished by the Chinese merohants. The health department census shows that the population of Manila is about 190,V00. Including 31,000 Chinese. SPEEDWAY HORSES SELL WELL Carlyle Carre (2.11 1-2) Brings 91325, and Dolly Marchuta (2.10 1-4) the Sum of 91525. 7 .... ....... T NEW YORK, Feb 17.—Interest in the trotting horse sale at Madison-square Garden was almost as great yesterday as It was on Thursday, when the Bon ner horses were sold. The boxes and seats on the south side of the garden were comfortably filled, and there were just as many buyers present. While no particular stars were sold, the horses averaged well. Some wean lings and yearlings sold at especially good figure, while aged horses of high breeding brought prices beyond the ex pectations of their owners UVU t  14V41U V ------ Breeders Who have the rig'ht blood strains can get almost a.iy price for their offerings now, and those who keep in touch with the pulse of the market say the youngsters now coming on will by no means supply the demand. The building of speedways in various cities is bound to keep the demand beyond the supply for several years. Judging by the week's sales, a trotter, with everything equal, is worth at least three times the money a pacer can bring. Lateral gaited horses of ordiSuperintendent Southworth says: I am Inclined to think that the newspaper which published such a sensational story of the affair yesterday afternoon had exaggerated and distorted the facts. Both of the teachers concerned are among the best we have 'n Somerville. They have good records. The girl was searched and it Is probsbly true that sh removed home of her clothing to show that she did not have the missing pocket book. Bu she was not wholly stripped, as I understand It. Samuel A. Johnson, the principal of the school, has all the facts and he related them to me a short time ago. I do not think there was any Intention or desire to injure the reputation of the girl pupil. There may be an inquiry or Investigation upon the part of the school board. I do not know In regard to that. Mayor George O. Proctor of Somer ville. when seen by a reporter, said: "I have only just Larned of this matter through the evening papers. I am very much surprised, and can hardly believe It. Under the new city charter, now in vogue, the mayor is no longer chairman of ths school committee, and, therefore, I cannot say what will be done. I should not be surprised if the story in the newspapers was a little exagge rated. James F. Beard, president of ths school board, said: I am greatly sur prised. If it is true that this birl was stripped, as the paper says, it is some thing that never should have been dons. The matter will be thoroughly investi gated, if not by the entire board, at least by the district commutes which has the particular school in charge. I knew absolutely nothing about this matter until you told me just now." rary speed are a drug on the market, it requiring considerable urging on the auctioneers part to have them bring even a respectable price. A. G Danforth of Washington, 111., paid l3lO for the old stallion Sphinx (2.20) a high bred horse which has eminently established his value as a sire, having no less than 95 representa tives In tne list, two of which are in the 2.10 class and 10 in the 2.15. There was a rush for the stand when the gray gelding Carlyle Carne (2.11) was called in. He had been showing his heels to everything on the speed way this winter. One or two road rid ers remained in the contest for him up to sl2(io, and he was secured by A. E. Vultee of Jersey City for 1325. The star of last nights sale was the chestnut mare Dolly Marchutz 2.19V 4 ). a half sister 'o the California crack Who Is It (2.10). Dolly has shown miles in 2.10. Lou" Maynard, one of the prominent figures on the speed way, purchased the mare for 1525. Following were the prices paid to day: Illissella, g.m. (1880). (full sister to Mmd S.), by Harold—Miss Russell; J. 11. Shults. New York 1,200 Marlow, b.g. (1896), by MarvellousBertha Red; A. B. Van Wert, New York 525 Will Dugan, b g. (1896), by Svmboleer— Dauntless B.ss: P. D. Kendrick, Bos ton 725 Sheridan Wilkes, Jr., ch.g. (1893). by Sheridan Wilkes, dam by Hailstorm; J. H. Shults. New York 825 Antietam, gr.h (1895). by Monococy— Noria; J. A. Mitchell. New York 500 Sphinx (2.25), b.h. (1883), by Elec tioneer—Sprite; G. Danforth, Washing ton. HI 1.310 Queen Sphinx (2.27). b in. (1895). by Sphinx—Gypsy Queen: J. H. Garner, Newport, Vt 1.900 Lady Tennyson, br.m. (1889), by Onward —Ophelia M.; Matthew Dwyer, New York 660 Qneechy (2.12), b.h. (1886). by Alcyone —Myri B.; E. Mearl, Great Barring ton, Mass 625 Minnie B. (2.15) br.m. (18Mt, by Boxwood—Lueyueer; M. E. Sturgis, New York 1.000 Carlyle Carne (2.11). gr g. (1891). by Hambletonfan Mamhrfno—laidy Grey; A. E. VuHee. Jersey City 1.325 Dolly Marchutz (2.10). eh m (1894), by Charles Derby—Lassie Jean; A. C. Maynard. New York 1,525 AGAINST HOAR. Committee On Rales Do Not Favor Vote of Confidence. The Committee on Rules, which com prises Speaker Myers, Representatives Stone of Springfield, Howland of Chel sea, Saunders of Boston. Mellen of Wor cester, Dean of Brookline, Adams of Melrose. Turtle of Pittsfield. Newton of Everett, will report against passing any resolutions of confidence in Senator Hoar. This was decided upon at a confer ence o.f the committee held yesterday afternoon. It Is Thought That Gen. Cronje Will Be Compelled to Fight His Pursuers. BRITISH REVERSES NEAR COLESBERG LONDON, Feb. 17. —With General Cronje in full retreat and General Kelly-Kenny harrassing his rear, hopes run high that a decisive action will occur, if it has not already been fought. The despatches from Jacobsdal confirm this belief, saying General Cronie has been obliged to outspan, in other words form a laager, or camp, in order to rest his oxen. This explains General Kelly-Kennys latest despatch re ferring to shelling the laager, which also brought long ex pected word of General Kitcheners whereabouts. That the general who so relentlessly pursued the Khalifa to his doom is supervi