NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 16, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 3r07c4700
---
5000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST—SEE PAGE 2. Who Is Your Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give yonr eboice a trip to Paris free. Coupon on page x ESTABLISHED 1824, Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. 6reat MoneySaving Bargains —DURING OURALTERATION SALE Ladies Shirt Waists. New, fresh, desirable goods correct style for the coming spring, At XS Later Prices. 300 dozen Ladles Heavy Jersey Ribbed Vests and Pants, in ecru and gray, fleece lined vests trimmed with silk lace on necks and front, pearl buttons, gusset sleeves, pants with French bands, side buttoning, ankle length, few subject to manufacturers slight imperfections, regular price 25c. each, sale price only, IO I a each  2 Hosiery and 135 dozen Ladies Fleeced Line! Hose,silky fleeced, narrow ankles, double solesand heels, guaranteed fast black, regular price Qo 15c. per pair, this sale-... s dozen Laundered y Y Percale Shirt Waists, in a jOl large variety of designs, new collars, cuffs and sleeves, colIlfVvMlllll rv l ars detachable, y fAU double yokes, ViH  ronts  iw 32 to 42, will sell  later in the sea tml 1 son for A T A T 1 50c, this  K P ' W I sale, UU Only 2 to a customer. 275 dozen Percale Shirt Waists, in handsome wide stripe effects, new collars, cuffs and sleeves, collars detachable, pointed yokes, sizes 32 to 42, price later in OQp the season 69c.. this sale w v President Kiley Must Go To Court It can be authoritatively stated that the question of the legality of the election of Daniel Kiley to the presidency of the Common Council will be tested in the Equity Court at the instance of a certain Republican member of the council. While there is no doubt that on a vote of the full council Kiley would be elected, yet, in view of the manner in which his present occupation of the chair was obtained, it is thought that there might be in the future some question as to the legality of certain orders signed by him. It is chiefly to dispose of this question that the appeal to the courts will be made. J. ALBA. DAVIS BURIED TODAY The funeral services of the late J. Alba Davis, for many years a prom inent real estate owner in West Rox bury, and a member of the Real Estate Exchange, were held today at 2 oclock at his late home, Robeson street, Ja maica. Plain. Delegations were in attendance from the Eliot Lodge of Masons, Odd Fel lows, the Real Estate Exchange, the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Asso ciation, the West Roxbury Co-operative Bank. Jamaica Plain Business Associa tion, the Jamaica Club Unitarian So ciety and the Jamaica Plain Friendly Aid Association, of all of which. the de eased was a member. Rev. Charles F. Dole, pastor of the Jamaica Plain Unitarian Church, con ducted the services. A male quartet sang several selections, after wnich a simple, but touching, eulogy was spo ken by Mr. Dole. Many beautiful floral tributes were THOUSANDS of UMBRELLAS and TONS of RUBBERS.   - Sizes in the former are all the best, but in the latter somewhat broken. but iuch as are left we offer much LESS than we can buy them of that RUBBER MONOP OLY. ALL sizes in Mens, Womens, Boys and Girls' KNEE BOOTS. RAYMOND SYXDICATE ; 352-354356 Washington Street. ....... 31-33-35 Hawley Street. iGrand  Voting I Contest 150 dozen Fine Madras Shirt Waists, handsome designs, in the new spring colors, full fronts, gathered in plaits to the new round yoke, also at the waist line, backs with pointed yokes, 4 knife plaits, pearl buttons, double stitched seams, sizes 32 to 42, price will be later Jr.oo, I Am this sale 125 dozen Genuine Sea Island Per cale Shirt Waists, in beautiful stripes all colors, made with the new round front yokes, pointed back yokes, very full fronts, gathered in plaits on yoke and waist line, double yokes, large pearl buttons, new style collars and cuffs, all seams double stitched, sizes 32 to 42, price will be later r Q — Jr. 25, this sale OZz U Underwear. 335 dozen Ladies Hose, fine cot ton, narrow ankles, double soles, guaranteed fast black. Our 10c. quality, sale price per C 150 dozen Boys Heavy Corduroy Ribbed Hose, double soles, heels and knees, fast black, our 12,54 c. quality, this sale, per Qz pair O V 00 dozen Boys and Girls Fleeced Lined Miirts and Drawers, plain or ribbed, double fleeced, silk trimmed necks and edges, pearl buttons, all sizes, were 25c. to 39c. each, sale price only, 1 each seen, among them set pieces from the above associations. The interment was private at Forest Hills cemetery. johnTTusheOead John C. Pushes, a well-known resi dent of Somerville and one of the pio neer brush manufacturers of Boston, died at his home, 10 Harvard place, Somerville, last night after a very brief illnsss. Mr. Pushes was born in Lans ingburg. N. Y.. 69 years agb. and came to Boston when quite young, when he learned the brush-makers' trade. He took up his residence in Somerville ovsr 40 years ago. where he took an active part in politics, being a member of the Common Council in the '7os. Mr. Pushees placs of business was at 3 Randolph street. Boston. He leaves a wife and three sons. The funeral will be held tomorrow afternoon, and the remains will bs taken to his birthplace for burial. THc WEATHER. Rnlni Fair Tomorrow. WASHINGTON. Jan. 16—For New England: Rain tonight, except snow in extreme north portion; fair Wednesday; light to fresh northwesterly winds. W Uoston traveler. RAILROAD DEALS MAY BE BLOCKED Fight Over Speaker Myers Appointments May Amal- I gamate Objectors to Leases. MAKE-UP OF R. R. COMMITTEE The first week of real work for the Legislature began yesterday, and while ; at this stage the sessions of the House  and Senate usually only last a few j minutes, the House began yesterday ! with a two-hour session. For the first i REMONSTRANCE Against the Proposed Lease of the Fitchburg Railroad. A remonstrance against the lease of the Fitchburg Railroad, bearing prominent Keene signatures, is published by the Keene Sentinel, I thus:— Whereas, it is proposed to lease the Fitch burg Railroad to the Boston 38; Maine Rail road and whereas, we, the undersigned citi zens of Keene, N. H., regard such a lease as very detrimental to the merchants and manu facturers of this vicinity and believe that the preservation of the indentity of the Fitchburg Railroad is of the utmost importance, we therefore respectfully protest against such a lease and request the Directors of the Fitch burg Railroad to vote against its execution. THE HOLBROOK GROCERY CO. GEO. E. HOLBROOK 38; CO. FAULKNER 38; COLONY MFG. CO. ABBOTT GROCERY CO. W. P. CHAMBERLAIN 38; CO. A. B. SKINNER CO. KNOWLTON 38; STONE. C. H. BRIDGMAN. E. A. PALMER. W. R. SkYTH 38; CO. F. A. FULLER 38; iO. W. H. SPALTER. G. H. TILDEN. J. FRED WHITCOMB. F. C. TILTON 38; CO. J. R. BEAL 38; CO. W. H. H. BEAL. GEO. 0. LITTLE. TUESDAY. JANUARY 6, 1900. two months of the session most of the work Is devoted to committee hearings. New business, however, under the rule, cannot be Introduced after the last day in January. (Continued on La.t Page.) H. B. SWAN. GEO. B. WHEELOCK, OSCAR J, HOWARD 38; CO. FRANK H. STEARNS. NICHOLS 38; WARDWELL. GEO. F. STONE. H. N. ALDRICH. GOODNOW 38; WHITCOMB. D. W. GOOONOW. L. E. MASON. C. E. JONES. C. L. JOHNSON. W. B. FITCH, W f HARRIS CLARENCE CARLETON SCOVELL L WELLINGTON. CHAS. T. COLONY. FORA DEEPER HARBOR Risolutions Adopted at Chamber of Com merce Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, held at noon today, marked the retirement of President Wallace F. Robinson of that body after I five years of faithful service Ho called the meeting to older at the stroke of 12. The report of the board of directors was read by Secretary Preston, and was unanimously adopted and ordered printed. Of harbor improvements ths report rhe work on the main ship channel has proceeded steadily during the year. It is expected that the project will be Ited by Jan. 1, 1902, and a channel low feet wide and 27 fret deep from the sea, via the Narrows, to Constitution wharf, will be available. It is evident, however, that when computed this channel will be totally inadequate for the commerce at the port. Boston have a channel 35 feet deep and ZKO fet wide, where possible, from the sea to the navy yard. Nothing less than this well serve the increasing needs of the port. The large freight carriers that are now under corastructlon for thi Ameri can-European trade will be unable to use this port, even when the present projects are completed. As ocean rrslghta bear a direct relation to the capacity of the steamers, being in the inverse ratio to their size, it is clear that if Boston desires to maintain, not to say Increase, her commerce, trhj must be able to accommodate the largest hips afloat. This, your directors be lieve. will be accomplished by a channel of th dimensions proposed. Your board hast laid al) the facts be fore our representatives In Congress, and we are assured of their hearty co operation in a movement to securs au tjbority at thia session of Congress for the necessary pre.lmiuary surveys. William H. Lincoln, who succeeds Mr. Robinson, addressed the members, and offered resolutions of appreciation, which were adopted. Mr. Robinson, In responding to the members, thanked them for their kind words, for the assistance they had ren dered during the p.tst five years. He congratulated the members on having reached their limit of membership, and of the excellent condition of their treasury. Mr, George H. Leonard introduced res olutions, which were unanimously adopted, favoring the establishment of a department of commerce and indus try at Washington. Before balloting commenced President Wallace referred to the valuable service of Secretary Elwyn G. Preston and of Treasurer Morss. He extolled both and hoped they would live long and continue In the service of the Chamber of Com merce. Balloting commenced at 12.30 and con tinued until 2 oclock. Mr. William H. Lincoln was elected President without j opposition.  Resolutions adopted by the board of I directors calling for speedy commence ment of work on the Broad Sound chan nel were read and approved. The old main ship channel work will be finished June 1 of this year. The work on Broad Sound is ordered to begin May 1, 1901. The same contractor has both contracts, and the directors believe that work on Broad Sound should begin this year. The 14th annua! report as of date Dec. 30, compares as follows: 1899 1898 1807 Net Inc. all dept5...325.814 J 15.619 15,610 Gratuity fund ...177.931 168,643 164,348 Membership 1,000 982 .... The death benefits paid during the year aggregated 47,916. THREATEN TO LEAVE SALEM SALEM. Jan. 16.—A conference be tween J. Brown 38; Sons and a commit tee of the striking shoe cutters was not ended until after 2 oclock this morning. The only result was the for mulation of a price list on the basis of l5 a week for upper leather cutters, to be presented to the men. In an interview this morning the Browns said that unless the list is ac cepted at once by the men, they will go to some other city. BOILERMAKERS WIN. MILWAUKEE, Wls., Jan. 16.—The members of the Boiler Makers and Iron Shipbuilders' Union, who several days ago made a demand for a nine-hour day and minimum wages of 2.75 per day, have been grintea their demands by most of the employers. LAST " 6.30 P. M. BRITISH RETIRED One of Their Forts East ol Mafeking is Demolished By the Boers. IHIWH Mil s traits PRETORIA, Saturday, Jan. 13. —As a result of the bom bardment of Mafeking yesterday the British fort eastward was demolished and the British retired. One Boer was wounded. Advices from the head laager at Ladysmith report that the attack on that place Jan. 6 was disastrous to the British and that Ladysmith appears to be in sore straits. BOERS REPULSED AT RENDSBURG RENDSBURG, Cape Colony, Monday, Jan. 15 —The Boers this morning attempted to rush a hill held by a com pany of the Yorkshires and the New Zealanders, but they were repulsed at the point of the bayonet. The Boers had 21 men killed and about 50 wounded. NO NEWS ALLOWED TD PASS. LONDON, Jan. IG, 2.50 P.M.—The compute absence of news from Natal up to this hour proves that the censorship will aliow nothing to pass until Gen eral Bullers plans have been executed or have failed. Even Gensral Roberts, in his report of yesterday evening, refrained from mentioning a word about Natal or General Buller. From the oth;r columns there is little news of moment. Modder River ad vices of yesterdays date only report daily long range shelling, from which the Boers are supposed to have suffered severely. A despatch from Sterk stroom, dated Monday, Jan. 15, reports that General Gatacres troops had made a demonstration bjyond Molten o. in the direction of Stormberg, in the belief that the Boers intended to seize Molteno. The burgh?ns were not sighted, and the British remained at Molteno. Ar rivals from Stormberg estimate that there are 4500 Boers at that place, mostly (Continued on Third Page.) AGREE ON CANAL MEASURE WASHINGTON, Jan. 16—The Senate Committee on Inter-oceanic Canals to day agreed unanimously to report a bill for the construction of the Nicaraguan canal. The bill is the same as that reported favorably in the House by the Commit tee on Interstate and Foreign Com merce, with a few verbal amendments. It's Lord Northcote of Exeter. LONDON, Jan. 16. —Governor HenryStafford Northcote, who was created a peer at the beginning of the present year, has assumed the title of Lord Northcote of Exeter. ENCLOSED. There is a great deal that is attractive about an Enclosed Sideboard. It is snug and cosy. It has a suggestion of semi-privacy. It possesses the same charms which are conceded to the British cupboard sideboard. We show here a Colonial enclosed sideboard. As you look at it, dont fail to imagine to yourself the added beauty it will possess when the wide over-hanging top is surmounted by suitable orna ment, as a pewter platter or mugs. The board has a 50-inch top. Above it is a 42-inch plate mirror and an enclosed gallery, with richly carved back. The base has the usual equipment of closets and drawers, but the spiral-fluted pillars on the corners are an innovation and very effective. The entire front of the sideboard is slightly convexed. This Colonial piece is one of the lowest-priced patterns in our stock. Paine Furniture Co., Draperies and Furniture, CANAL STKIvET. 111 FREE TRIPS TO PARIS EXPOSITION TRAVELER'S mag. nificeat prizes for Most Popular of Saleswomen or Salesmen VOTE FOR YOL'R FAVORITE SPURIOUS MONEY FOUND Captured Italian Had 324.50 in HalfDollars. PLANT IN VICINITY? An Italian, who, from the fact of his having spurious coins In his possession and from intimations dropped by him self. is regarded as a member of a gang of counterfeiters, was arrested by Pa trolmen G.'ossJn and Burke of Division 3 shortly after 10 oclock this morning. The prisoner gave the name of Fran cisco Dillico. and said that he lived at 32 Prince street. It was purely a ''sus picious' arrest at first. Glossin re