NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 01, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 3r07c4718
---
25,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST - - - SEE PACE 2. "W TRAVELER'S GRAND PRIZES. ESTABLISHED 1824. FOUR BOSTON SCHOOL BILLS Radical Changes Proposed in Buying of Land, Build ing, Care and Control of Schools. THE PENSION AGENCY BILL Tn the House today the following pe titions were presented: Of Richard L. Gay, that In the city of Boston there shall be held but one caucus prior to a state br city election, the same to be for all parties, and the nominations to be made on one ballot under the Australian system, the same as in elections. Of Frank Megan, that no person shall maintain more than one bar for the sale of intoxicating liquors by virtue of t single license. Of Jame F. Carey, that the cdty of Haverhill be authorized to construct, naintain and operate a plant for the nanufacture and distribution of gas .or heating and Illuminating purposes. Of J. F. Kendall, that the charge for the use of telephones at stations to the public be not over five cents for five minutes talk for a distance of not over 10 miles. Of Edward Sweertster, that the Board of Harbor and Land Commissioners have general supervision of all com panies engaged in the transmission of intelligence by electricity. Of Charles E. Stratton and others, that the city of Boston be authorized to issue bonds to the amount of 250.000 out side the debt limit for the completion by the Board of Park Commissioners of the public parks of the city other than play grounds. Of Thomas Arthur and others, that the special commission appointed in 1899 to consider the grade crossing question in East Boston may. if it de termined that the public interest re quire the abollton of such grade cross ngs, order the relocation of the railroad tracks, according to the recommenda tions and plans submitted by the State Board on Docks and Terminal Facilities appointed under the act creating the board in 1895. Of Silas D. Reed, that railroad com panies be prohibited from giving free transportation to any member or mem ber-elect of the Legislature or to any state, city or town official. Of William D. Paine and others, that the selectmen of Brookline may author ize any street railway company that uses electricity as a power and whose track have been duly licensed in any adjoining city or town, to enter upon and use the track, wires and power of any other street railway company which It may meet or cross within the limits of the town, , Of Harvey W. Walker, that the city of Boston be empowered to establish and maintain an institution for prac tical instruction in Industrial occupa tion, and their allied arts and sciences. Of D. H. Whittemore and others, to establish a schoolhouse department in Boston and a board of three commis sioners to have charge of the design, construction and care of all school 'building in Boston and the purchase of lands for school purposes, the School Committee to designate the limits of territory within which the land is to be Of Samuel B. Capen, accompanied by  bill making the School Committee of Boston to consist of nine persons, to hold office for the term f three years, and providing for what la known as the school faculty," to consist of the superintendent of schools, the assistant superintendents and 30 masters of teachers elected from and by the teach ers of the public schools, which shall consider all educational subjects and make reports and recommendations to the committee. The superintendent fe to have general charge of the teachers and of the school attendants officers. He may appoint and dismiss teachers and make promotions, which shall stand as Anal unlees disapproved by the committee. Al! teachers employed at the time of the organization provid ed for in the act shall continue in of fice until they resign or are removed for cause by the superintendent, with the approval of the committee. Of Enoch E. Doran and others that the question of granting licenses for the A  Goes a long way in buyVH I I iog goods of us, and you 111 get quality as well as W W quantity. baYstate CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 to 72 Hanover Street. THE Entrance to our remodelled and elegantly furnished DinNtW ing Room on Holyoke St. opens today. A specialty in this room of after-theatre spreads. Music even ings. HOTEL PLAZA, 419 Columbus Avenue. PULMONINE. 3 eta. per Bottle. Your druggist hat it. Nothing like it  FOR COUGHB AND COLDS. FREB TRIPS to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to Wash ington and numerous other prizes in the Greatest Popular Voting Contest Ever Known. sale of intoxicating liquors be printed at the top of the ballot in city and town elections, instead of at the bottom as as present. Of E. W. Wood and others, a com mittee of the State Board of Agricul ture, that Congress be memorialized to assist in the efforts to exterminate gyp sy moths. Of Joseph E. Buswell that the law tn relation to limiting the number of license to be granted in the cities or towns voting for license, shall not ap ply except to the city of Boston. The nil laccompanying practically allows an unlimiting number of licenses to be granted on a Yes vote except In the city of Boston. Of Charles A. Neuert. for the creation and the disbursement of a public school janitors retirement fund In the city of Boston. The fund is to be created by a contribution of two per cent of each janitors salary. Of Thomas F. Dolan, for the construc tion of additional subways In Boston, and for the enlargement of the present subway so as to provide for the en trance of cars whose routes will be dis turbed by the entrance of the elevated cars. Provision is made In the bill for übway under Hanover street from Washington street, to make connection with the proposed East Boston tunnel. Of Francis W. Kittredge, for a oom mislon of three persons to be appointed by the mayor of Boston, to have charge of the erection and malntalnance of schoolhouses in that city. The commis sion Is also to select all sites for new buildings subject to the approval of the school board. Of Frank T. Benner and others, to authorize the metropolitan commission to exepnd the further sum of 50,000 in Improving and developing the bank of the Charles river. Of John M. Perkins, that the office of state pension agent be abolished. Of Boston Typographical Union No. 13 for the appointment of a joint spe cial committee to sit during the recess of the Legislature to investigate the relative merits of the exfeting system of state printing, as compared wlth the system of state owmership, and to re port to the next General Court before the second Wednesday in January. Of Jbhn G. Hagberg for the Inspection of laundries and the improvement of their sanitary conditions. Of Granville A. Langley of Worcester that the sealers of weights and meas ures and deputy sealers and guagers of (Continued on Third Page.) THE WEATHER. Fair  Not So Cold. WASHINGTON, Feb. I.—For New England and Eastern New York: Fair and continued cold tonight; Friday, fair and not so cold; fresh west winds. NOW LET OOM PAUL TREMBLE! THE DUKE OF MARLBOROUGH STARTS FOR THE FRONT.  he Uoston ravder. LHST     6.30 P. M.  B a  188 SA A RAYIINFIS RAH iHi M HoF fll  9 m Kang H Wm MSBr 9K U K Bn H V IKW M WS aS Ja Wl MW K3! Wi wa WH Mi m ew w I BATTLE RACING! British Recross the Tugela at Three Points--Have Been Fighting All Day. FLANK MOVEMENT TO KIMBERLEY LONDON, Feb. i, 4.30 P.M.—The St. James Gazette says: It is reported on good authority that General Buller has again crossed the Tugela river at three places, and that fighting has been proceeding all day long. BRITISH OCCUPY PRIESKA. CAFE TOWN. Wednesday, Jan. 31.—A British force with artillery is re ported to have occupied Prleska, and to be now encamped there. Prleska Is on the Orange river, 100 miles below Orange River station and west of Kimberley. MANY DEATHS AT LADYSMITH HOOF LAAGER. LADYSMITH, Tuesday, Jan. 30.—A1l is quiet here. The Long Toms occasionally Are on Ladysmith. The deaths In Ladysmith from fever and other causes must be enormous, as we can clearly see them bury ing corpses daily. General Joubert went to the upper Tugela yesterday. ENGLAND'S HEAVY LOSSES, LONDON. Feb. I.—The war office has Issued an additional casualty list of the battle of Splon Kop, Jan. 24, and of the engagements at Venters Spruit, Jan. 17 and Jan. 20. The additional list numbers 139 killed. 391 wounded and 63 missing, a total of 593. (Continued on Third PageJ  THURSDAY. FEBRUARY I, 1900. LAWTONS REMAINS COMING SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1.-The re mains of General Lawton, Major John A. Logan and Dr. John L. Armstrong will be taken East on a special train, which will leave this city at 2 oclock this Afternoon. At the ferry the caskets will be turned over to the military guard of honor, which is to accompany the remains East. The caskets will occupy a com posite car. a baggage car intervening between it and the locomotive of the special tralh. Next to the composite car will be the Pullman reserved for Mrs. Lawton. her four children. Dr. Arm strongs relatives, General Shafter and others. General Shafter Is the special escort designated to go East by the secretary of war. Another Pullman will be occupied by Mrs. Logan, the widow of Major Logan, her three children, her m ther, Mrs. C. H. Andrews. Miss Parm'ee of Cleve land and her brother-in-law, Major W. A. Tucker. As the train passes through Sacra mento the flag will be at half-mast on the State Capitol and minute guns will be fired in honor of General Lawton. General Lawton's remains will lie in state one day each at Fort Wayne and Indianapolis, and will then be taken directly to Washington for burial in the National cemetery at Arlington. Washington will probably be reached on Thursday next, and the public fu neral, under the direction of General Wesley Merritt, will take place on the following day. Soldiers Prevent Legislators From Holding a Session at Frankfort. DEMOCRATS WILDLY ENRA6ED Goebel Still Lives, But Has Only One Chance In a Thousand, Say The Doctors. FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. I. —An attempt was made by members of the Legislature at 11 oclock to hold a session. A dozen members of the Hou e went to the gates, read ed by Representative Charlton of Louisville. Two bayonets were crossed in front of Mr. Charltons nose as he entered the gates, and he was asked for his pass. I have no pass, was the reply. I am a member of the Legislature, as are these gentlemen with me, and we wish to enter the hall to hold a session. Nobody can enter without holding a pass, was the reply, and Mr. Charlton returned to the Capitol Hotel with his com panions. They announced when they left the Capitol grounds that they would get all the members of the House and Senate together, return in a body and demand admis sion. TROOPS HOLD THE BALANCE. FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. I.—Two governors, and armed soldiers holding the balance of power between them—that is the situation in Frankfort this morning. Whoever the sol diers decide is the proper official for them to obey will be seat ed in the gubernatorial chair. The soldiers themselves are in a quandary as to what they should do, and they are await ing developments. While all the officers are Republicans, many of them said this morning that they had no intention of resisting the legal governor of Kentucky, provided they were once satisfied who (Continued on Third Page.) HONOLULU I have been commissioned by a friend in Honolulu, H. 1., to purchase seven Brass I eds, with Box Mat tresses and Top Mattresses complete, in fact exactly the same kind as you sold me about a year ago. The above is an extract of a letter just received and shows how our cus tomers appreciate our goods. Before pacing your orders for Chamber Furniture it will pay you to look at our stock. Morris, Murch 38; Buller, 42 SUMMER ST. MAN AND HORSES BURNED TO DEATH MUNCIE, Ind., Feb. I.—The livery barn of Boos 38; Munshower was burned early today. Cecil Weekly, a cab driver, was burned to death, and 47 horses also perished .Adjoining build ings were damaged by falling walls. Loss unknown FEATHER facts, The cheerful thief who stuffs the -IA average pillow isnt a bad man. He simply isnt a goose-feather factor. He buys feathers where he can find them, of any small dealer, and he generally gets the scruff of the market. The best goose feather product is only obtainable by those who know the sources of supply and can control large purchases. The reason why our pillows are better than all others is that we use feathers which other dealers cannot command. Our Emden whites and Tou louse grays are eagerly sought by customers who know their value. Canal Street prices on these goods have brought them into wide notoriety and our pillow trade is now very large. Samples of these feathers shown to any visitor. Paine Furniture Co., Drmperloa and Furniture, canal asTJKUai'T. TRAVBLER offera an ar ray of Magnificent Prize in its Voting Con test toj the Moi Popular Raleamen or Salewomen. COUPON ON PACK 2.  4   444 f i f f GOEBELS PROCLAMATION. FRANKFORT, Feb. I.—This . proclamation was issued last - night by Governor Goebel: i "Whereas, it has b en made  known to me that certain per-  sons, without authority of law - have banded themselves together  for the unlawful purpose of for- - clbly preventing the General As- - sembly of Kentucky from assem- - bling and discharging their oftl-  cial duties at the seat of govern-  fent, and have for said unlawful  purpose assembled in the city of - Frankfort the first and second - regiments of the Kentucky state - guard and by for-e of arms have - unlawfully taken possession of - the hall of the House of Repre-  sentatives and Senate chamber of . the state of Kentucky as well as  all other public buildings and ar- - chives of the commonwealth and - have by force, intimidation and  violence expelled the General As- . sembly from the capitol buildings - and refused to permit the Senate - and House of Representatives to  hold their sessions therein, and  are now terrorizing the represen- . tatlves of the people and other - good citizens of the common-  wealth: now, therefore, I, Wil- - lian Goebel, governor of the com- - monwealth of Kentucky, do here-  by command the said First and  Second regiments of the Ken-  tucky State Guard and each and  every officer and member thereof  to return to their homes and sev-  eral vocations and there remain - until called into active service. I also command all other per-  sons whatsoever who are now un- - lawfully engaged in Interfering - with and intimidating members of - the General Assembly of this . commonwealth to disband and de- . sist from terrorizing and Intimi- - dating the said members of the  General Assembly and all other  good citizens of this common- - wealth. - 1 WHO'S YOUR FAVORITE ? PRICE ONE CENICATCHING UP  TO THE LEADERS Miss Angie Chamberlain Makes a Telling 6ain--Contest Becom ing More Exciting. THE SITUATION TODAY The Motor Graphophone or New Talking Machine. MOST FASCINATING INVENTION OF THE AGE.  FIRST PRIZE (For Department Stores