NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 12, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 4742hj86s
---
sar THREE FREE TRIPS TO THE PARIS EXPOSITION GIVEN BY THE TRAVELER. ANOTHER TRIP IS OFFERED. ESTABLISHED 1824. ROOSEVELT REFUSES VICE-PRESIDENCY He Definitely Declines To Consider Any Proposition of the Kind. PLATT CORDIALLY ACQUIESCES ALBANY, N. T., Feb. 12—Governor Roosevelt today gave out a statement relative to thi vice-presidency, in which he declares that he will not accept the honor under any circumstances. His statement follows: In view of the continued atatementM in the press that I may be urged as a candidate for the vice-presidency, and In view of the many letters that reach me advising for and against such a course. It is proper for me to state definitely that under no circumstances could I, or would I, accept the nomination for tlfe vice-presidency. It is needless to say how deeply I appreciate the honor con ferred upon me by the mere desire to place me in so high and dignified position. But it seems to me clear that at the present time my duty Is here in the state whose people chose me to be govern' freat problems have been faced and are being partly solved In tb s state at this timet and if the people so desire, I hope that the work thus begun I may help to carry to a successful conclusion. The governor, in giving out this statement said: "And I am happy to state that Senator Platt cordially acquiesces in my views in the matter. 7000 RETURN TO WORK Chicago Men Took Their ; Half-Holiday, BUT APPEAR TODAY CHICAGO. Feb. 12.—0 f the 7000 build ing trades workmen who took their half holiday Saturday afternoon in defiance of the new rules of the building con tractors council, one half. It was an nounced by the labor leaders, resumed work as usual on the buildings today. When the men quit work Saturday noon they wsre instructed to return to their jobs an usual, placing the respons ibility of tying up building operations on the contractors, who, because of the fracture of their rules, were expected to declare a lockout. At the headquar ters of the contractors it wac declared thxt the men still at work were doing so . nder special agreements in order to complete certain portions of ths work. Operations on numerous smaller struc tures are at a standstill, and will re main so, the bosses say, till the places of the locked out men are filled. To guard against others taking their places the union men have 1000 pickets sta s-4 ohnnf fit a 11 vr tioned about the city. MULES KILLED BY TYPHOONS SA.N FRANCISCO, Feb. 12.—The mule transport Siam, which lost 311 mules out of a cargo of 330 on her last voy age to Manila, arrived last night from that port. She was in two typhoons on the outward voyage, during which the animals were killed. ba Petite Mignon. I, Petite Mignon, who recently ap peared at the Park Theatre with great success. will positively appear at Minot hall, corner Springfield and Washington streets, Wednesday, Febru ary 14.  Everything to Furnish a Homs; J ...OH O  EASY TERMS.  ißanges S IS; !SLOO a Week Until Paid Foro Yom Old Stove Taken In Exchange for  a New One.  i Othei joods on Same Easy Terms   for This Month Only.   XHOLMES.LUCE38;CO.:: i (Bnooessors to 0. H. ROBINSON 4 OJ.,  J T Furniture, Carpets, Ranges, Draperies, Eto  140 Washington St. XX;;  ;; febs-oe-8t Tnr key Dinner ORq Soup, Flab Turkey with Cranberry Sauce and Celery, vegetable. One Entree. Fie and Fiddlug, Tea, Coffee or Milk. 35 ang 31k Mtdh K. L 1. OnrUa. Prop. febG-Ot A SPECIAL prize for the Saleswomen is now given in the greatest popular voting contest ever known. SAYS LINCOLN WANTED HAMLIN NEW YORK, Feb. 12.—Charles Eu gene Hamlin of Bangor, Me., a grand son of Hannibal Hamlin, is out in a long letter to the Press in which he takes issue with A. K. McClure in the latter's published statement that Presi dent Lincoln had Andrew Jackson placed on the ticket with him in 1864. Mr. Hamlin says: '"This is not true. Vice-President Hamlin was Mr. Lincolns choice. In writing Mr. Hamlins life recently I was placed in possession of his knowledge of the causes of his defeat. This was con tained in the private letters and state ments of Simon Cameron, Lot M. Mer rill, Preston King, Austin Blair, Zach ariah Chandler, William Pitt Fessenden, Burton C. Cook and other men. Who were among the controlling factors in the presidential convention of 1834. "The evidence shows that the New England delegation was chiefly respon sible for Mr. Hamlins defeat, by fail ing to support him as a unit. SOUNDINGS FOR CABLE SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 12.—The sur vey for a cable across the Pacific has been finished, all soundings have been made and the results have been mapped out. although they will not be made public until transmitted to Washing ton'. The Nero sailed from this port May 6 and steamed 1100 miles to mid way islands From there she travelled 2500 miles to Guam and thence to Ma nila. She went to Yokohama for coal and took soundings from port back to LrU38;ITI. CANT REMEMBER, SAYS PEELER WASHINGTON. Feb. U.-Davld R. Peeler, president of the First National Banks at Kalispell, Mont., was the first witness in the Clark case today. Mr. Peeler was questioned concerning the account of State Senator Geiger with his bank, the First National, but as he was absent when Mr. Geiger made his principal deposit he was not able to throw much light upon the suoject. He confirmed Mr. Geigers statement that he (Geiger) had borrowed 2300 at  the bank, saying that Geiger had given him a deed to property as security. The witness was unable to give dates when various loans had been made and he was taken sharply to task by Senator Chandler for his failure in this respect. I "If the witness is trying to cover up anything we want to know it, said the chairman.  The witness protested that he was not trying to conceal anything, but that he I was simply unable to remember. steinTtz goes - TO THE HOSPITAL  NEW YORK. Feb. 12.—William Stein itz. who was for many years the cham pion chss player, was taken from Belle vue Hospital to the Manhattan State Hospital for the Insane on Ward's Isl and today without any word having ! been received from his friends. It is said that his wife is unable to i provide for him in a sanitarium or pri vate Institution. Steinitz is 62 years old.  Steinitz retained his little pocket 1 chessboard and some few effects which ha had when he arrive! at the hospital, an! seemed to be wholly disinterested. CAM BE I SED WITH A IDJ b.c.sTft ST; or a Now being demonatrated at HOVGH TON 38; DITTONS Stora Dept. he Wonton Ywder. LRST 6.30 P. M. BULLER GIVES UP! FALSE FIGURES Gypsy Moth Hunters Chased Squirrels and Made Dis honest Reports, Says Hennelly. PULL BID THE BUSINESS The hearing of the special gypsy moth in vest! gating committee was continued Uhls morning. Bartholomew R. Henmelly of 32 Main street, Woburn, formerly an inspector, eadd that a hearing held to Winchester had been packed with employee of the committee. On that occasion May or Allen of Woburn made a powerful plea in favor of continuing the work, and after the hearing he hoard him say he was thankful the committee had not aaked him to describe a gypsy moth, as he could not tell one from an elephant. Mr. Hennelly said Sunt. Williams had allowed him a day's time in which to get ex-Oity Clerk David F. Moreland of Lowell to appear at the Winchester hearing. No dependence could be placed in the figures given by the commission as the men reported whit they pleased. In 1897 and 1898 burlaps were placed by the hundreds and never inspected. Mr. Hennelly said that he had 55,000 burlaps to inspect—an impossible task. In Wo burn Supt. Williams had ordered him bo change a report to show less moths tlww in tfhe previous year. He told Supt. Forbush of moths he had discovered on Lawyer Rileys place in Woburn. Supt. Forbush did not seem to investigate until he heard that Mr. Riley was a candidate for representa tive, When he ordered it thoroughly cleared. "The inspections were farces," he said. "The men made not attempt to be thorough. On one occasion Special Inspector Hubbard and several men spent over half a day chasing squir rels. "On the land of the Cedar Park Land Syndicate Company in Medford, in the spring of 1897, hundreds of cords of wood were cut by the employees of the committee. These were p led up. were not inspected, but were sold and re moved. The same was done with wood on rhe place of H. S. Cox of Win chester.' John J. Hayden of Burlington had asked what a moth loked like, Mr. Hennclly said: "He wanted bo get some to put on his place if the commission men would cut his wood for him. Jo seph Maguire of Woburn had asked the same question, and the next year his place was found to be Infested. Hennelly stated that the questions to be asked at the civil service were hand ed to him. to Carroll Tibbetts, to Her bert Merriam and other employees of the committee previous to the examina tion by Special Inspector Hubbard. The same questions were asked at rhe ex amination and the papers were correct ed by Special Inspector Hubbard. Mr. Hennelly said he thought the Winning colony in Woburn was planted for exhibition purposes. He said he had ben discharged for attempting to cure an ulcerated tooth with whiskey, but he was not a drinking man. CATS IN SCHOOL. Some kind-hearted soul is advocat ing the keeping of pets in school for the lessons of kindness to dumb ani mals to the young. Now  ats all (more or less) have fleas ; are subject to disease ; besides, it has been said that ( ats keep late hours and yowl while mortals try to sleep, and have other bad habits. After all, would it not be well to leave part of a childs education to the home. People should consider home lite with that broad view which admits of no deceit, and thus help fit their children for the bat tle that awaits them. The Cushing Process 1 urified stimulants could then be kept even upon the lower shelf and be regarded in the same light as sulphur and molasses in our childhood days. tUsHIMJ MEDICAL SUPPLY CO., oSO Washington St., Boston. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1000. . T.ajdor Lyford of wenham said he Pen . t n an Inspector, employed from 1-94 to June 1, 1899. He taid ne was sure extermination was possible, but not with the present methods. The methods of scouting were very careless, he said, and the inspectors did not follow their men clotely enough. A year ago last January, when the hearings were being held, the men were laid off for 21 days, but the higher paid men were kept on pay. On one occasion he had six men In his charge and they were unable to carry on their work properly for two weeks because they were out of supplies and the director and superintendent were away. We read a letter from Director For bush telling him he had talked too much, but otherwise his work had been satisfactory. Mr. Tyford said the colonies were much more generally distributed than they were a few years ago. He knew of a colony of Saugus that had been left for a time for exhibition purposes. Joseph F. Toole of South Boston said he went to work for the committee in May. He told of loafing away his time while mployed by the commission, in barns and in playing cards, etc. The men were in charge of Special Inspec tor Henry Shaw, but the latter was not to blame as he had tried to cure a corn with creosote and was unable to get about. Among the men who loafed with him he mentioned Representative Fred C. Mahoney of Ward 13, Boston who was at that time employed by the commission. In the spring of 1898 the special In spector told the men a committee of the Legislature was coming to visit the work and a portion was kept for exhi bition purposes, the men not being al lowed to clear It. Mr. Toole said he had been charged lO for a badge that could not have cost more than 75 cents. Director Forbush was away on a vacation most of the time. It was understood among the men that the civil service questions were made up in the office at the Gypsy Moth Commission On several occasions the men had seen spotters and chased them with stones. Mr. Toole said he had seen Messrs. Kirkland. Fartey a.nd Hubbard at the State House lobbying. He had found the moths on hie clothes and thought they might be diissomi nail ed in that way. On te Hardy place, in Waltham, the men spent their time drinking cider. The men always did about as they pleased. William H. Derby of Revere said he did not believe in abolishing the com mission, birt he was opposed to an ex cessive appropriation. CHICKEN THIEF GETS THREE MONTHS "Who dat say chicken in dis bunch? sang Cornelius Driscoll and William Thompson of South Boston, as they strutted down a Quincy street, yester day, with a suspicious-looking bag in their possession. The bag contained eight dead chickens which had been "lifted" from a Randolph coop. In the Quincy police station Driscoll said his name was Galvin, and that he lived on Shawmut avenue. Thompson said his name was Thomas Instead of William. They were brought in the Quincy court today. Driscoll was heard. He was I sentenced to three months in the county jail where they do not serve chicken.  The Thompson lad, who is only 1G years of age, will be tried in the juvenile sesI sion Thursday morning. The dead chicks were returned to Ru fus A. Thayer of Randolph. Archbishop Feehan 111. CHICAGO, Feb. 12.—Archbishop Pat rick A. Feehan of the Roman Catholic archdiocese of Chicago is ill with pneu monia at his residence in this city. He is 71 years old. HAS W. G. REED 7 VOTES? He Is Expected to Be a City Clerkship Can didate Today. When the Board of Aldermem meets this afternoon a shift in the city clerk ship fight is expected. The situation is about the same as when described Fri day last In THE TRAVELER. William G. Reed, formerly the law partner of ex-Mayor Curtis, has been undergoing grooming for days as the entry of several Republican aldermen and their programme is to drop Frank J. OToole, Democrat, for a candidate of their own party, relying upon two Dem ocrats to elect him in the board. This morning it was said that they had one Democratic vote, also that they had two and also that they had none. The Republican aidermen who are handling the Reed campaign talked cor.- fldently this n orning. The other ReWILLIAM G. REED, Republican Candidate for City Clerk, publican aidermen did not talk at ali. and the only way to prevent them from voting for Edvard J. Donovan is to spring a party candidate. If Reed is elected by the board then the fight will be renewed in the council. If Donovan gets seven votes in the board today he will then be elected in concurrence, as have Clerk of Commit tees Dever and City Messenger Leary, and the fight will be all over. President Swallow of the Republican city committee wanted Republican counoiln en to vote for OToole Thurs day last and wrote a letter to that effect, but the Republican counollmen did not pay much attention to the party machine when it came time to vote for a city clerk. BOY BURNED. Coleman Johnson, nine years, Hvin on the first floor at 144 Castle street, was badly burne