NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 05, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 4f16kc030
---
330,000 MARK P TRIP TO PARIS EXPOSITION FREE. Watch THE TRAVELERS Voting Con. test for Boston's Most Popular Saleswomen or Salesmen. TRIP TO JAMAICAFREE. ESTABLISHED 1824. PUBLIC BELIEVES BULLER IS FIGHTING The War Office's Denial of Any Move On Ladysmith Considered a Bluff. DURBAN REPORTS A BATTLE LONDON, Feb. 5.—4.48 PM — A special dee patch from Durban, Natal, dat ed today, says: 'Thera is no definite news from General Buller, but it is reported that there was heavy fighting yesterday. Although the war offices statement that it has received no confirmation of the report that General Buller has recrossed the Tugela river appears to settle the question, It has failed to shake public belief that operations of tre mendous importance are proceeding at the Tugela, and it is thought that either the denial was prompted by a desire to keep the military movements as secret as possible until something is accomplished, or that General Buller is keeping the home officials in the dark for similar reasons. It is obviously extremely difficult to extract the truth from the conflict ing statements shrouding General Bui lers movement, but most at the com mentators agree that the aggregate of the items tends to confirm the belief that movements nt importance are transpiring. It 1s true that the correspondents at General Buller's headquarters convey the impression that his main force is still south at the Tugela. but It is easily conceivable that the despatches are so censored. THE WAR OFFICE'S DENIAL. LONDON, Feb. 3.—The correspondent of The Associated Press learns from official sources that absolutely no confirmation has been received by the war office of the report that General Buller has recrossed the Tugela river and is marching on Ladysmith. On the contrary, according to the Information of the war office, at the present moment there is every Indication that things are quiet at the front, and that no Immediate movement fe anticipated. Regarding the despatches from Ladysmith saying that Buller's guns have been heard there, it is surmised that some practice may have been going on with the new batteries which have just reached the front. DEFINITE STATEMENT OF CROSSING DURBAN, Feb. 4.—General Buller crossed the Tugela river Friday night and is marching on Ladysmith. No definite news will oe permitted to go out until Ladysmith Is relieved. LADYSMITH, Feb. 4.—(By heliograph from Signal Hill.)—The garrison were much cheered by hearing General Bullers guns yeeterday. The result of the engagement Is not known. The Boers are again niassing near Lady smith, also moving another gun toward Surprise HUI. We are quite ready for them if they contemplate another attack. LONDON. Feb. 5.-A special despatch from Durban, dated Sunday, and referring to General Bullers recroesing the Tugela in his advance upon Lady smith, says: "It Is probable that General Buller crossed at a spot above Trichards Drift, and that, leaving the enemy to the right, he is marching to Acton Homes, whence the road to Ladysmith runs almost due east, through a fairly open country. It is expected here that he wiU reach Ladysmith to morrow (Monday) night. Realize Defeat Now. (Correspond emce of The Associated Press.) LONDON, January 20.—Extended ac counts of the British reverses at Storm borg, Magersfontein and Colenso are coming in by mall from war corres pondents. From these a realistic im pression may be gained of what defeat really means. "I have seen tn my life, writes the correspondent of the Times, one or two dakllsh fights, but at Stormberg for he first time I was enabled to realize what actual defeat means. It was, in dued. a case of 'vae vlctls. The hope less exhaustion of the unhappy soldiers was terrible to see. So far as I can understand the mat ter, the causes to which this most la mentable failure must bo attributed are as follows; (l)--The map of the ground was ut terly misleading and more than useless. (2)—So far as I am aware, no one among the responsible authorities had taken any compass bearings, and, con sequently, no one knew where he was being taken in the dark. (3)—The Berkshire regiment, by whom the redoubts now occupied by the Boers at Stormberg had been built, and to whom every inch of the ground was familiar, were left at Queenstown in stead of being employed to recapture the FOR FEBRUARY ONLY. Parlor Suites l.OO UNTIL PAID. Other Goode on Heme Eur Terms, for Thia Month Only. IvEßrf TrFußmn - HOME ON EASY TERMS. HOLMES, LUCE 38; CO. (Eucoeseors to C. H. KOBIN SON 38; CO.) 140 Washington St. XX HAVE YOU V!Xd Bow data Square Garden for ladles and gentlemen, under the Bowdoln-Square Hotei! Ladles entrance No. 2, 2nd door from Chsatre; musk T to 11 F.M. fM-aoer-4t works which they had so unwillingly evacuated about a month previously. "(4)—Over 500 men, afterwards made prisoners, had fallen into a trap from which they failed to extricate them selves. "(s)—ln any case, the men, who had been by this time on the move for over 24 hours on the stretch, who had lust completed seven hours marching through the night, and who had been actually under arms for upwards of 16 hours, were so dead beat that severe hill fighting was quite beyond their powers. During' the actual retirement from the hills attacked—or rather under AS OTHERS SEE VS. which we were ourselves attacked In anticipation—men were falling asleep in the open ground, under fire, after or before using their rifles. (6—The guns were at first in the same trap as the Infantry and were compelled to retreat some distance over very difficult ground before they could come into action upon even then, a poor position, with most inferior command. GEORGE MILES DIED OF NATURAL CAUSES George Miles of 37 Albion street was brought to the city prison last night from Station 5, supposedly suffering from temporary dementia. His condi tion became worse and Dr. Dunn was called to attend him. He died, however, before the physician arrived. The city medical examiner decided that death was due to natural causes. The body is at Tlnkhams undertaking establish ment, 20 Howard street. THE WEATHER. Cold Wave Tolnght. WASHINGTON. Fib. 5. — New Eng land: Clearing, with cold wave tonight. ASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST . SEE PACE 8. W We Boston brawler  DREAM SAVED HER LIFE Mrs. Lane Awoke In Time to Escape Death, But Her Husband Was Killed By Gas. James Lane. 64 years old, living at 304 Main street, Charlestown, was as phyxiated this morning by gas which poured into his house from a leaky street main. Early last evening laborers looking for a leak unearthed about ten yards of the main In front of Lane's house, and then decided to discontinue work until this morning. About 3 o'clock this morning Lanes wife was awakened by the odor. The house was filled with gas. She awoke her husband. Both got out of bed, hur ried downstairs and then opened the doors and windows in order to allow the gas to escape. After the house had been aired Lane returned to his room and threw him self on his bed His wife concluded to pass the remainder of the morning on the sofa in the kitchen. About 8 o'clock Mrs. Lane was awak ened by a dream In which she imagined that somebody was choking her. She had barely strength enough to crawl to the outside door and open it. The fatal fumes filled the house. When revived by the air she opened the windows and then went to call her husband. He was just giving his last gasp when she approached him. The neighbors were attracted by Mrs. Lanes screams. A physician was sent for, but Mr. Lane was dead before he arrived. The body will be viewed by Medical Examiner Harris. JIMMY MAN IN CHARLESTOWN Browns Bunker HillStreet Store Entered. The "jimmy burglar is operating in every district of this city. At present he is pursuing his craft in Charlestown. About 4 o'clock this morning, when the rain was beating down in torrents, the robber was discovered in Georgi I. Brown's shoe store at 2044 Bunker Hill street. The pedestrian who discovered him went in search of an officer. When the latter arrived the robber had disap peared. An examination disclosed the fact that an entrance was effected by forc ing a rear window' w r ith a jimmy. The robber made his escape with JIS worth of toot wear. The. jimmy burglar has operated successfully in Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, Dorchester. South Boston and Brighton during the past four weeks. Traps have been laid to catch him, but he has evaded them all. GOLD WAVE! Fair weather Is promised for tonight and tomorrow by the weather bureau. A cold wave Is due tonight, which will probably last all day tomorrow, and be followed by rising temperature on Wednesday. The high northwest wind which has been howling around the street corners will diminish this even ing with the setting of the sun. The temperature in this city at 8 oclock today was 38. but about 11 o'clock it commenced to drop, and this evening will see brisk, cold weather. VINEGAR AND MILK Mary E. Lord of 272 Quincy street was before Judge Churchill in the Dor chester court today, charged with vio lating the Vinegar law. She was fined 110. Several continued cases of violation of the milk law also came up, but on account of the illness of Inspector Har rington the cases were continued until Feb. 21. The dealers Included Michael Burke, William D. Dudley, Daniel A. Murphy, Elmer A. Nickerson and William A. Corbett. MONDAY. FEBRUARY 5. 1900. IT WASNT WHAT HE THOUGHT IT WAS. He Was Thirsty and Drank of it; But Oh, the Next Morning. —Cleveland Plain Dealer. HORSE MEN TO FIGHT Crowd Scooped in Lynn Retain Counsel. CASES ARE PUT OVER LYNN, Mass., Feb. s.—The cases of the 90 men caught in the Munroe street pool rooms were continued till Wednes day morning at the request of the de fence. The horse men will fight the case, and have retained counsel. SEVEN HOBOES FIND WORK Ten Weary Wllllss were lined up before Judge Bragg in the Charlestown court today charged with trespassing on improved land of ths Boston 38; Maine railroad near Mystic wharfs Special Officer Patterson of pollcj headquarters with officers from Station 15 arrested the gang about midnight Saturday. At Station 15 they gave their names as Michael Sullivan, John Sullivan, James Donovan, James Lynch, William Burks, John McCarthy, William Griffin, Will iam Flint, John Cameron and George Williams. None gave their addresses as Boston, and nothing of value was found upon any of them except the usual hobo" outfit. The first thres gave his honor some good talk of how many Jobs they had to go to, and were lei off; the rest were sent to Deer Island in default of a 2O fine. GIRLS DEATH FOLLOWS LOVERS NEW YORK, Feb. s.—Frank N. Un derwood a year ago wished to marry Miss Ida Mitchell of Blnghampton. There was a parental objection, and Un derwood went to the Philippines. Dur ing much of the rainy season last sum mer he served with Lawton's division in the hard fighting. Succumbing to the fever, Underwood spent several months in the hospital. A few days ago his father received word that he was at San Francisco and would soon be home. The next news was a telegram telling of his death at the Presidio. Miss Mitchell had been ill for some time, and as soon as she learned of her lover's death she declared she would not get well. She refused to help her self, and died two days after news came of young Underwood's death.  THE WAY TO THE SENATE IS HARD. CLARK—Cheer up, old man! Don't be discouraged. QUAY—Never say die, old chap! BOTH—How much has It cost you so farf -New York World.     ."l" TREATY SIGNED TODAY WASHINGTON. Fb. 5. — The HayPauncefote treaty amending the Clay ton-Bulwer treaty regarding the Nica raguan canal was signed at the stats department this morning. COMPLAINED TO HEALTH BOARD Charlestown Residents Say Employees Nag led Work. The residents of the section of Charlestown lying between Bunker Hill and Medford streets complain that the employees of the Sanitary Department neglect their work by allowing the refuse from the houses In this district to collect in large quantities before it is re moved. Those who live in this neigh borhood assert that much of the trouble arising from contagious diseases is di rectly attributable to the neglect of the Sanitary Department employees. Com plaint has been lodged with the Health Department. NO CONFERENCE AS TO ITALY PARIS, Feb. s.—As a result of in quiries made in the proper quarters, it is learned that the stories of the Echo de Paris that the British ambassador to Francs, Sir Edmund J. Monson, and the British ambassador to Italy, Sir Philip Currie, conferred here recently on Italian affairs, or that Sir Edmund has gone to Rome to support Sir Philip In representations to Italy regarding ths landing of Italian troops in Africa, are NARROWLY ESCAPED SUFFOCATION Harry Kidhesky, 20, married, and liv ing at 244 West Third street. South Bos ton, was found unconscious in his room yesterday morning by Samuel Mayers, a lodger. The room was filled with gas which came from an automatic ma chine. Klchesky is resting comfortably today at the City Hospital. Bnrlnp Fell On Him. At 11.45 o'clock yesterday morning, William McCarty, .33 years old. married, living st 79 Tremont atreet, Charlestown, and employed on the steamer Grecian of the Allan line. as seriously Injured. The steamer la lying at Mystic whirf, McCarty was struck by a bale of burlap, and bls right thigh was fractured He waa also otherwise Injured. He was removed to the Massachusetts General Hospital. LAST - 6.30 P. M. TAYLORS DENIAL The Governor Says He Has Not Revoked the Order - for Session at London. STILL PEACE SEEMS LIKELY FRANKFORT, Ky Feb s.—Governor Taylor thia morning gave The As sociated Press a denial over his own signature of the report that the Legisla ture would convene In Frankfort, and that he had telegraphed the Repub lican members at London to return. The statement reads as follows: "No order has been made revoking the order convening the Legislature at London. (Signed) W. 8. TAYLOR, Governor, HOW DEMOCRATS HEARD IT. LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. s.—The correspondent of the Courier Journal at Frankfort wires his paper at 4 oclock this morning as follows: The session of the general assembly, which the Republicans were to have held at London, has been called off. Many Democratic members of the gen eral assembly are now in Louisville, to which place they secretly adjourned last Friday in order to avoid arrest and a forced trip to London, but they will not have to hold sessions in Louisville, as they had intended. The Republicans are all in London, preparing to hold a caucus today and to hold a session on Tuesday, but they will ba Informed today that the London session Is not to be held at all. and it is believed that on Tuesday the Republican members will be back in Frankfort. In fact, the clouds this morning, for the first time, began to lift, and while peace is not assured beyond a doubt, the developments are such as to make It reasonably certain that the war Is drawing to a close. Jo