NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 06, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 4j03m923x
---
W 35.000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST - SEE PACE 2. TRIP TO PARIS EXPOSITION FREE. Watch THE TRAVELER'S Voting Con test for Bostons Most Popular Saleswomen or Salesmen. TRIP TO JAMAICA FREE? ESTABLISHED 1824. Cent ONLY Cigar Sold for SJL WEEKS SPRINGS A BIG SURPRISE Ihc Molineux Defense Rests On the Testimony of the Prosecution. NEW YORK, Feb. 6.—" We rest upon the case made by the prosecu tion. This was the surprising announcement made at the beginning of the days proceedings by the chief counsel for the defendant In the case of Roland B. Molineux. The statement on the part of Mr. Weeks came as a thunderbolt. The big court room, crowded to Its fullest capacity, was perfectly quiet as Mr. "Weeks spoke, and when he sat down, as he finished speaking, a buzz of ex citement ran through the room. For the second time since the beginning of the trial of Molineux, his wife and mother were in the court room today when the proceedings began. When court opened Mr. Weeks rose and said: Your honor, we make a motion to strike out exhibit l and that the jury be instructed to disre gard It. Exhibit I Is the diagram In which, the prosecution declares, the de fendant givs specifically his physical measurements. The motion was denied. The recorder stated In denying the motion that he would again Instruct the jury .ta disregard all that part of the diagram blank that did not pertain to the alleged description of the defendant and that of handwriting. Mr. Weeks then moved that the prosecution bo compelled to elect upon which one of the six counts In the Indictment It would depend when going to the jury. This was asked, Mr. Weeks stated, because the defense could not properly make its case without knowing which count would be elected by the state. Mr. Osborne replied by saying that It had long been customary not to compel the state to elect its count until both aides had been stated. The motion was denied. REBELS ATTACK FORTY-FIFTH MANILA. Feb. 6, 1.15 P.M.—The Insurgents attacked the First battalion of the Forty-fifth infantry near Niac. A major and a captain were wounded and one sergeant killed, but details of the engagement are lacking. Ships arriving from Legaspi report that the insurgent general, Pana, concentrated a large force about the top of the town and made a sharp night attack on Major Shiptons battalion of the Forty-seventh infantry, which oc cupied a large convent as a fort. One battalion and a battery have sailed as reinforcements for Shipton. The casualties are unknown. A corporal and four men whlte patrolling the railroad tear Mabacal re cently disappeared and are supposed to have been captured. A searching party looking for them was ambushed and a corporal was killed. LAWTON'S BODY AT INDIANAPOLIS INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 6.—Th" remains of General Lawton arrlvei here last night. The funeral party wa received at the union station by Gov emor Mount, Mayor Taggart, Genera Harrison. Admiral Brown, Major Chase Charles Shaler and others. The remain will not be removed from the trail until noon today, when they will b taken to the Capitol building to 11 In state. rep.careylreant ANOTHER MKINLEY Speaker Myers and Mr. Carey of Ha verhill had a clah yesterday in the House, in which the Speaker called the Haverhill Soolalst to order. The cause a the incident was the speech of Mr. McKinley of LoweM, Who. tn speaking against the repeal of the Dubuque law, said the change in the legislation was asked only by "bumO'.ers. To this Mr. Carey hotly replied and used the terms: "Your class Is respon sible for any bummers or tramps who may exist, and referred to Mr. McKinley as a man of a famous name but of infamous position The Speaker rapped Mr Carey to or der, and in response to the Speaker's edmonltion he said that he had refer encc to another McKinley. The rising vote on the rejection of the bill was 109 yeas to 40 nays. On a roll call there were 118 yeas to 51 nays. Tui lcev Dinner Soup, Fib, Turkey with Cranberry Sauce and Celery. Vegetable, One Entree, Pie and Pudding, Tea, Coffae or Milk. 33 and 37A ArcS M U H. Curtli, Prog. KM-Gt INICKEL PLATE TRACKS TO GO ERIE. Pa.. Feb, 6.—The resolution , which was Introduced some time ago ; authorizing the mayor to tear up the tracks of the Nickel Plate Railroad I Company in this city was adopted last , ight by the council. i The matter Is the outcome of the rall i road refusing to allow the new trolley ! company to cross their tracks. I BROADWAY BANK CHECKS The Broadway National Banks checks are on their way to this city from Washington. where they were sent Sat urday by Colonel George W. Moses, re ceiver of the bank, for the signature of the comptroller of the currency. The bank was notified by the office of the comptroller of this fact this morning. A notice to the depositors of the bank tot he effect that they would be paid omorrow the amount of their claims and interest at 6 per cent from the date of the banks suspension until tomor row was ait once posted upon the outer doors of the bank, and depositors have been dropping into the bank all day eager to hear a confirmation of the good news. The payments tomorrow will, how ever. only be to those who have cer tificates issued prior to Feb. 1. For these who have proven certificates is sued since tMt date a new schedule will be made out, and these certificates will not be paid until a lapse of 15 or 20 days from the payment tomorrow. All will, however, eventually get the amount of their proven claims. She Boston traveler. LHST 6.30 P. M. Srnmim mi innrm ERIOUS CHARGES!  o  nmooo  KENTUCKY TREATY A Peace Agreement Signed by Representatives of Both Parties, WHAT TAYLOR HAS TO SAY FRANKFORT, fKy., Feb. Governor Taylor had just received a tele gram giving the results of the Louisville conference when seen this morning by a correspondent of The Associated Press. He declined to discuss the matter, saying it would not be courteous to him to do so until he had been officially informed of the text of the agree ment. He said, however, that the passage of an honest election law for Ken tucky was all that he asked, and no personal ambition of his should stand in tho way of securing it. THE PEACE AGREEMENT, LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 6.—The peace conference held at the Galt house last night between seven representatives of the Republican party and seven representatives of the Democratic party, resulted in the unanimous signing of an agreement embodying seven specific propositions, which promise a set tlement of the party differences which have brought about two state gov ernments in Kentucky. This agreement is In substance as follows: First—That if the General Assembly, in joint session, shall adopt a res olution ratifying their recent action adopting the contest reports seating Goebel and Becknam, the contestees, W. S. Taylor and John Marshall, shall submit without further protest. Second—That all parties shall unite In an effort to bring about such a modification of the election law as will provide for non-partisan election boards and insure free and fair elections. Third—That the conditions shall remain in status quo until Monday, the SCHOONER IS SAFE. CHATHAM, Feb. 6.—The unknown schooner for whose safety in last night's gale great fear was felt by the life savers and others at this place, was safe at daybreak this morning. She had a trying experience during the night, however, and at midnight the life savers went, on board in re sponse to signals, and this morning apparently were assisting the crew in get ting the vessel under way. 1000 YARDS OF Linoleum Damaged by water en transit, to be sold at 30c, 40c AND 50c Regular price of these grades, 75c., 85c. and Ji.oo per yard. Also, a quantity of REMNANTS from 40 yds. up, at 20c and 30c Per Yd. GiWeFi, Brooks 38; Won, RETAIL AND WHOLESALE, 39 and 41 Summer St., AdjoiningC. F. Hotei A Co. BOSTON. (Continued on Third Page.) BIG LICENSE OR FREE PASSES ? Certain Members of the Board of Aidermen Are After Theatre Managers. IWILL GIVE A HEARING The Board of Aidermen has been flouted by the theatre mamagers of Bos ton. or at least some of the aidermen think so, and the proposition has been made that the board strike back. On Dec. 11 last the board was notified by most of the managers that there was to be no more passes issued to aldermen on written requests. If the aidermen wanted free admission they had to apply for it in person. The theatre managers objected to supplying ward heelers and other per sons who were equally if not more ob noxious to paying patrons the best seats lr) the house because some aiderman wanted to please a constituent. The story is told, and may or may not be apocryphal, that once upon a time a big, burly and soiled colored man appeared at the box office of one of the most fashionable theatres in town and presented a regulation printed request for two seats, signed by an aiderman Who is very white in hue and of un doubtedly pure Caucasian blood. "Wa don't, eaJd the box office man TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1900. BARREL SUPPLY SHORT Reason Given For a Boston Shut-Down By the Sugar Trust. A New York despatch says: "The American Sugar Refining Com pany has shut down ah its refineries in Boston, New York and Philadelphia ex cept Havemeyer 38; Elder in Brooklyn, on account of over-production and bad trade condition, and increased cost of cooperage. The Boston office of the American Su gar Refining Company admits that there will be a shut-down of refineries, at least as far as Boston Is concerned, but states that it will be but temporary, and that operations will b'e resumed very shortly. With the situation in New York and Philadelphia the Boston people are rot very conversant, but con sider a shut-down as only natural under general circumstances. The primary cause of the Shut-down as given is the Inability to procure bar rels in sufficient number. This scarcity (Continued on Third Page. blandly, "give aldermaniic passes to any person who is not a member of an aV derman's family. You are not related to Aiderman So-and-So?"  Deed I is. sul said the colored man, Tse his brudere Some aidermen have bn just as care ful and considerate in the use of theatre privileges as any class of men could be. Others have not. Those who have not been are held responsible for the rigor of the new managerial ruling. At the session of the aldermanic com mittee on public improvements yester day. it was once officially entitled the committee on sewers, the theatre ticket question was discussed. This commit tee constitutes the whole board and al ways meets in secret. Some of the aidermen thought that the members of the board ought not to accept any favors at all from theatre managers and tha' all the little books of blank passes ought to be given up. Other aidermen, it is said, felt that the theatre managers had displayed small ness in thair treatment of the body which has the granting of licenses for places of public amusement. One proposition is to charge the thea tres a considerable annual sum for li censes and to divide them in the first, (Continued on Third rage.) Contained in a Petition Accom panying a Bill to Abolish the Office of State Pen sion Agent. COL. PARSONS IS ACCUSED A bill having for its object the abolishing of the office of state pension agent, now held by Colonel Joseph B. Parsons, known as House bill 884, has been introduced in the House by Representative Newton of Everett. Accompanying the bill is a petition, signed by John M. Perkins, a citizen of Boston, which contains very serious charges against the present and past administration of the office and against Colonel Parsons himself. The matter has been smoldering for some time in G. A. R. circles in this state, and has now apparently come to a crisis. The petition accompanying the bill, which was read in the House yesterday, is as follows: To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in General Court as sembled. The undereigned petitioner,a citizen of Boston, and doing business at 31 Corn hill in said city, respectfully represents that Chapter 396 of the statutes of 1888 and all acts or parts of acts relating thereto or amendatory thereof ought to be repealed by an act similar to the bill accompanying this petition, be cause the publ'c good so requires, and this action is required for the following among other reasons: First, the statute of 1888 has proved to have been entirely unnecessary and the office of state pension agent has proved to be of no real benetfi to pension claimants which they could not other wise have easily obtained. No other state except Massachusetts has estab lished the office of a state pension agent to prosecute pension claims against the United States. The office of Massachu setts state pension agent was created to provide an official position and a sal ary for one man who was out of a job and not mainly to serve the interests of the surviving Union soldiers who de sired to make applications for pensions. There are practically no applications for back pay and bounty as the words of the act of 1888 provide for. There are practically claimants only for pensions before the state pension agent and these applications are almost wholly confined to a comparatively few persons who live in the immediate vicinity of the State House in Boston, and to claimants near the residences of the state pension agent and his assistant. Under penalty of fine and imprisonment the United States forbids any person to act as an attor ney for claimants for pensions and to receive more than lO for his services as such attorney, and yet it has cost Massachusetts from l5 to 6O for each pension claim allowed since the establishment of the office in 18X8; and this In addition to the cost for of fice rent, etc., and tho cost of printing for the office of the state pension agent. If this commonwealth must have a state pension agent the statutes should provide that he should not be allowed for the expenses of his office a larger sum in the aggregate than lO for each allowed pension claim. Which the United     FITCHBURG SALE. The bill in equity brought by James M. Hilton of Cambridge to restrain the governor, lieutenant-governor, state treasurer and the state directors of the Fitchburg railroad from voting on the question of the proposed sale of the Fitchburg common stock to the Boston 38; Maine was ordered for hearing on Thursday, in the Supreme Judicial Court today. The bill is thought to be the result of a movement which has been on foot for some time among the stockholders who oppose the lease, and from more than one source comes the report that not Mr. Hilton, but Dr. Seward Webb, is its author. . PRICES quality up Is the rule In vy  ur  9,abiiBbmeat ' BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 to 72 Hanover Street. States has fixed for the fees in such cases for other attorneys for pension claimants. This would guard the com monwealth against having an ignorant and incompetent incumbent in the 