NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 12, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 63963h71r
---
A TRIP TO JAMAICA FREE. SEE THE TRAVELERS LATEST AND GREATEST VOTING CONTEST ON PAGE TWO. Who Is Your Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choice a trip to Paris free. Coupon on page 2. Grand Voting Contest ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. TOMORROW—SATURDAY Will be with us, decidedly, A GREAT CLOTHING DAY THE BARGAIN RECORD OF NEW ENGLAND I lot Mens All Wool Suits, in several different patterns, well made and 4.98 vi handsome mixed chev1.49 1 from while each Over -4 to IC Several BOYS SUITS. "Way Down South. "At Coontown's Picnic. "Topsv's in Town. "Bunch of Blackberries. "Hannah's Promenade. "Columbia March. I lot Boys coats, sizes blue and MEN'S and BEA1 lot MENS FINE HIGH GRADE WORSTED SUITS, usually sold at Other Special Bar gains in Boys Reef ers, sizes 3 to 16, at I lot BLUE BLACK 91.95, 92.48. 3.33. 93.98, 92.98. 94.44. Much I Hate to Leave. "Dinah. "I Want a Filipino Man. "I Aint Seen So Messenger Boy. "I'd Leave My Happy Home For You. "The Oriental Coon. lots of VESTEE style slmperiect fitting, correct in every way, usually retailed at from 7.50 to fB.oo, our price only, each 120 to 122.00, our price they last only, 10.98 Dependable goods at such very low prices as to establish liar to illustration, sizes 3 to 8; also 2-plece suits, sizes 8 to 16, in plain .arge lot MENS VERY FINE OVERCOATS, in this season's nerw et materials, with satin or lasting linings, superb garments in every respect, worth and not sold else where for less than 816.00, 0 QQ our price only, each OiOO Other GREAT BARGAINS up to 912.95. MENS OXFORD FRIEZE OVER COATS, very stylish, handsome and dressy, regularly sold at COD 811.50, our price only, each.. UiCU "Sometime. "Because. "Yon and I. "One Night lu June. "For TNhee Alone. "My Mary Dear. "Maggie OConnor. "Sweetheart. I lot BOYS REEF ERS. sizes 3 to 16 years, in blue chin chilla, handsomely trimmed. Specially priced for this sale, at, each, only  1 I lot MEN'S CO VERT CLOTH OVERCOATS, usual ly retailed at 89.00, our A QO price, only, each rivU "What Wil the Answer Be? "A Picture No Artist Can Paint. " 'Mid the Green Fields of Virginia. "The Girl I Loved From Sunny Tennessee. "Why Did They Sell Klllarney? "One Touch of Nature. Large lot MENS FRIEZE OVEdCOATS, in brown, black and Ox ford, elegantly made and trimmed, handsomely finished, usually sold at from 812.00 to 814.00, 7 77 choice of each I  I I years: in the pop ular Frieze mate rial, colors blue and brown, every detail of making and trimming is right in every way, and equal qualities cannot he purchased else where for less than 84.00, our frlce while they ast only, each, 2.98 Other Special Bar gains in Boys Overcoats at 93-75, VER and STYL ISH COVERT CLOTH OVER COATS, good weight and fast color, excellently made and trimmed, manu factured this season and cor rect In every way, usually rold at from 87.50 to 88.00, our price only, each 3.95 Only 1 overcoat to a customer. MUSIC DEPARTMENT. All the latest popular songs and instrumental music. 50c. publications, 19 cents per copy. trimmed, and are correct in every way and actually worth 83 each, your choice while they last, for only, each, 1.98 "My Little Georgia Rose. She Rests By the Suwanee River. 1 Like the Place So "All I Want Is My Black Baby Back. "Ive Got Chicken on the Brain. Cake Walk in the Sky." "Hannah I,ady. "My Lady Love." CAKE "Blackville Society. Smokey Mokes. Ash Cake Shuffle. Chicken and the Posaum. McAlheenys Cake Walk." "Phoebe Thompson's Cake Walk. THE BEST 2.00 PER gallon whiskey ever sold is that which has been PURIFIED by DR. CUSHINGS PROCESS. Compare this, our lowest grade of whiskey, with that you buy elsewhere at any price. No charge for jugs and bottles. CUSHING MEDICAL SUPPLY CO., Sole owners, 580 Washington St., Boston. THE WEATHER. Threatening! Northwesterly Winds WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.—Forecast for Vermont and eastern New York: Threatening tonight; partly cloudy Sat-' NEVER ARGUE A POINT YOU CAN DEMONSTRATE," But it you wear PANTS there is no time like the present. Also some 3000 yards of Imported Suitings, in Pant, Coat and Vest, or Suit Patterns, marked down again since Monday because they did not go fast enough. We have more and better Storm Coats and Ulsters than many a store of much more pretence, and prices positively a THIRD less. Yours truly, THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE, 352-4-6 WASHINGTON STREET. 31-33-35 HAWLEY STREET. he Boston traveler. urday; brisk northwesterly winds, di minishing. Maine and Nw Hampshire: Threat ening with snow In nortnern portions tonight; threatening Saturday; fresh easterly winds, becoming northwesterly. Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Con necticut: Threatening tonight; partly clo idy Saturday; brisk northwesterly winds, diminishing. JAP PRINCE IS COMING OVER VANCOUVER, B. C Jan. 12.-Ac cording to advices received here today by the steamer Empress of China, the Japanese prince Imperial is to visit  America next summer. Mrs. A.—But cant the dear little things father suggest some name? Mrs. B.—Yes. every night his father calls him a new name, but Im afraid they wouldnt do. 558.000 TAX ON BIG STORES Senator Innes bill to tax department stores was introduced in the Senate  yesterday. It is similar to the Missouri i law, and Is introduced on petition of the small store proprietors of Massachu setts. The total tax on a store selling all the goods Included in the bill would I be 58,000. j The "department store" Is defined as follows:  A retail store m which a va riety of goods not included in any dis tinct line or department of trade shall be offered for sale and sold, and in which more than 15 persons are em ployed as sales people. The taxes imposed by the bill are as follows: Drugs, perfumery and toilet articles. 3000; books, paper. 1500; paints, oils, 1500; firearms, etc.. 1000; lamps, etc., 1500; wall paper, etc., 1000; pic tures, cameras, eiu 1000; jewelry, plat ed ware, watches, etc.. 1500: bicycles, 1000; hardware in general. ifDOO; house hold furniture, 3000; hats, umbrellas, etc., 1000; natent medicines, 2000; poul try and game, SIXMJ ready made cloth ing for men and boys. S2OX); rubber goods for wearing, 1000; ready made suits, etc., for women, 2000; stoves, etc., 2000; trunks. 1000; toys and athletic goods, 1000; tea and coffee, 1000; furs, 2000; fresh, salt and smoked meats, 1000; flower seeds, bulbs, garden tools, etc., 1000; boots and shoes, 2000; but ter, cheese, eggs, etc., 1000; confection ery, soda water, bread, pastry, etc., 1000; crockery, china, glass ware, 1000; carpets, rugs. etc.. 2000; cigars, tobac co, etc., 1000; carpenters and mechan ics tools. 1000; fruits and vegetables, 1000; fish. 1000; ladies' millinery. 2000; men's furnishings, 2000; sewing ma chines, musical instruments, 1000; gro ceries, 2000; harness, 2000; furriers' tools, 2000; plumbers' tools, 2000; agri cultural tools, lOOO. Reqneat to Carney Hospital. The will of Alice Woods of Chelsea, which was filed in the Suffolk Probate office yester day. contains public bequests amounting to BOO. The Carney Hospital la g!en 4OO. and the Camden-Street Home and the Home for Destitute Catholic Children 2OO each. Mr. Joseph J. Casey ts named as executor. The will la dated June 7. lb8. 2? Famous FIRST ANNUAL MARK DOWN SALE —OF— Gentlemen's Winter Ulsters. Nothing But the Best. The Famous Ulsters are made from heavy weight all-wool cloths, strongly made, with the view of weather-resisting qualities as a pro tector and comforter. This great mark down does not cover the actual cost of material. lO Ulsters 6.00 l2 Ulsters 7.50 l5 Ulsters 9.75 lB Ulsters I 2.50 2O Ulsters I 3.50 25 Ulsters   15.00 SPECIAL. 3O Montagnac D. B. Reefers and Vests, l5. Sale Now On At The Famous, 590, 592, 594 Washington Street, Cor. Hayward Pl. HIS LIFE WAS SAVED Dorenzo A. Bailey of 664 East Ninth street. South Boston, was found in the doorway of 345 Washington street a.bout FRIDAY. JANUARY 12, 1900. ABDUCTED AND ROBBED Chicago Woman Carried Off in a Cab and Then Relieved of 855. CHICAGO. Jan. 12.—Mrs. John Corse of 239 Dearborn avenue alleges that she — Famous FIRST ANNUAL Mark Down sale —or— Gentlemen's Winter Overcoats. Nothing But the Best. At whatever price you purchase every garment is guaranteed to be su perior to the ordinary ready-made kind, as all our goods come under the reserved title of Famous clothing, lO Overcoats-.  6.00 l2 Overcoats... 7.5 0 l5 Overcoats .. 9.7 5 lB Overcoars   12.50 2O Overcoats -   I 3.5 O 25 Overcoats.   I 6.5 O 3O Overcoats -   I 9.00 35 Overcoats -  -22.5 O Sale Now On At The Famous, 590, 592, 594 Washington Street, Cor. Hayward Pl. 12.15 oclock this morning, unconscious. At Station 2 it was found he was suf fering from apoplexy. He was taken ill on the street and sought refuge from the storm in the doorway, where he succumbed. He is resting comfortably today at the City Hospital. was seized by robbers shortly after midnight at Chestnut street. nar North Clark street, thrust ato a cab and af terwards robbed of diamonds valued at 6OO and her pocketbook containing 5 in money and a draft for 250. She was brutally beaten, her hands lacerated and her face bruised. She was so badly hurt and so completely overcome that she is almost prostrated. An average waltz takes a dancer over about three-quarters of a mile; a square dance makes him cover half a mile. A girl with a well-tilled programme trav els thus in one evening: Twelve waltzes, nine miles; four other dances at half a mile apiece, two miles more; the In termission stroll, and the trips to the dressing room to renovate her gown and complexion, half a mile; grand total eleven and a half miles. Steamer Wrecked, People Swept Away ST. JOHNS, N. F., Jan. 12. —A large steamer, believed to be a passenger ship, whose name cannot yet be ascertained, has been wrecked on a reef in St. Marys bay, about five miles from shore. The vessel, which lies with her head low in the water, is on fire aft. Several persons were washed off the deck during yesterday. Just before nightfall others were descried in the rigging. No steamer can leave here for the scene of the wreck before this after noon. The colonial cruiser Fiona Bay and the steamer Kite will be sent from Placentia bay as soon as possible to try and save the survivors, if any remain. A steamer leaving here today could not get to St. Mary's bay be fore tomorrow. Belated reports from the magistrate and wreck commissioner at St. Mary's, give the following additional particulars in regard to the steamer: She is a two-masted vessel and is a complete wreck. Only three survivors were visible at nightfall. The vessel's boats were smashed and were float ing bottom up. The crew had probably tried to land in the boats and had been drowned in the attempt. Some bodies are visible in the surf. The ship U on fire aft. It is feared she will break up today on account of the heavy sea. The magistrate also reports that she is a new ship and is probably a passenger boat. No hope is entertained that the lives of any of those on board the vessel will be saved. The Mazet Report Denounces Things NEW YORK, Jan. 12.—The majority and minority reports of the Mazet in vestigating committee were taken to Albany, yesterday. The majority re port was prepared by Messrs. Mazet and Fallows, and it is cald that the minority report was written by Senator Thomas F. Grady and gone over by Corporation Counsel Whalen. From reliable sources ft is learned that the majority report declares strongly tn favor of an unassessed judi ciary, and recommends legislation for the realization of this object. It urges that the term of the mayor of New York be cut from four years to two, but this is not intended to apply to Mayor Van Wyck, who will be permitted to serve out his term. The report advocates the appointment of a commission by the governor to re vise the Greater New York charter, and goes on to say that the investigation disclosed the fact that many city offi cials are Incompetent and inefficient, while being in receipt of extravagant salaries. It also calls attention to ille gal registration and voting in this citv, and urges legislation making the pun ishment for these abuses against the elective franchise more severe. The re port says further that the investigation proved the existence of Illegal trafficing LAST - - 6.30 P. M. BULLER MOVES Tourist— Dear me! The dressmaking bill of your entire harem doesnt come to one-half the one my wife runs up. How do you manage it? The Turk—Easy! I never let em go shonn r.v  of saloons, gambling houses, pool rooms and disorderly houses in violation of the law. It is said that the Building Depart ment is subjected to severe criticism, and remedial legislation to affect this branch of the city government is recom ntenaed. The report scores Tammany officials, whom it charges with open de fiance of the authority of the state, and it is believed that Richard Croker. Andrew Ereedman and Police Commis sioner Sexton receive much attention on this head. The report concluded with a recom mendation for extensive and radical changes in the charter as the only way in which the Tammany system of mu nicipal government can be changed for the benefit of the citizens of New York. The minority report attacks the parti san feature of the investigation, and denounces the majority for its failure to summon Senator Platt or any other Re publican of prcmirence. It warmly de fends the city administration, declares that New Y'ork is well and honestly governed, bitterly assails the Republi cans for making an attack on the city, and says the utter failure of the inves tigation conclusively proved that it was unwarranted; that the people lacked confidence in the sincerity of the Re publ'cars; that the charges made against the city officials by the Republi cans were false, and that no such condi tions existed in New York as had been alleged. He Occupies South Bank Of the Tugela River, Four Miles From the Boers. BRITISHLOSTHEAVILY JAN. 6 LONDON, Jan. 12.—The war office this morning re ceived the following despatch from General Buller, dated Springfield, Thursday, Jan. 11, 9.20 evening: I occupied the south bank of the Tugela river at Pot gieters Drift this morning, and seized Pont. The river is in a flood. The enemy is strongly entrenched about four and a half miles to the north. General Bullers movement, obviously, is of a flanking character, but whether it is intended to push the advance home or whether his operations are only a feint to cover an attack in force on the Boer position at Hlangwana Mountain remains to be seen. Springfield, whence General Bullers despatch was sent, is 16 miles west of Frere. The last news from Springfield was that it was held by the Johannesburg corps, under General Ben Viljoen, and that the Boers had big guns in position at Potgieters Drift, apparently six or eight miles north of Springfield and across the Big Tugela. The possession of the Drift and the bridge is regarded as of great importance. It is reported here that Gene