NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 31, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 7w62nj197
---
25,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST - - - SEE PAGE 2. W TRAVELER'S GRAND PRIZES. ESTABLISHED 1824. EXTRAORDINARY OFFER. FINE CALIFORNIA WINES. An Assortment of SIX FULL QUART BOTTLES, Consisting of PORT. x SHERRY, ANGELICA, I TOKAY.  MUSCATEL, I CATAWBA,) 0 arefully Packed, for To anyone living beyond oar delivery limit we will send the above assortment upon receipt of 1.75. Cobb, Aldrich 38; Co. Washington ani Kneeland Sts. MR. KIMBALL WITHDRAWS Will Not Be a Candidate For Supt. of Streets of Somerville. Alonzo H. Kimball, who was. nomi nated for street commissioner of Somer ville by Mayor Proctor and was refused confirmation by the Board of Aldermen, has decided to withdraw his name from the contei-t, and notified the mayor to that effect yesterday afternoon. Mr. Kimball is superintendent of streets of Medford, Friends of John F. Elkins, the well-known contractor, aro urging him to let his name be used as a candidate. Given Away This Week 5000 Boxes of YLANQ YLANQ (Registered.) COLD CREAM At KLEIN'S PHARMACY, Cor. TREMONT and BOYDSTON STS. Used extensively by all the leading physi cians and theatrical profession throughout the United States. GUARANTEED not to become rancid nor grow hair on the face. 1 01. jar, lOc.t 4 01. jar, 25c.; 1 lb. jar, 75c. For sale by all druggists and at fancy goods counters. Orders taken by mail, ioo—French Blands Iron Pills—lo 9 KLEINS PHARMACY, Cor. BOYDSTON mid TREMONT STS. MR. PHELPS IS WEAKER NEW HAVEN, Ct., Jan. 31.—The con dition of Hon. E. J. Phelps, ex-minister to England, who has been ill with pneu monia at his home here for several days, while better In one respect this morning, generally is not nearly so fa vorable as yesterday. The physician in attendance reports that while Professor Phelps lungs are clearing and the pneumonia gradually Is disappearing, the effect upon his sys tem is very marked, and he is consid erably weaker today. BODY FOUND. WESTERLY, R. 1., Jan. 31.—After a search covering two days, the life-sav ing station patrolmen recovered this morning the body of a man believed to be one of the crew of the wrecked oyster schooner Nausett. Patrolman Burnes of the Watch Hill station dis covered it on the beach this forenoon, and soon after it was conveyed to the station. CHINESE FLAG. AT FULL MAST WASHINGTON. Jan. 31.—The Chlnesj 'ag, showing a huge dragon on a yel ,ow field, was hoisted to full mast over the Chinese legation today in honor of the Chinese New Y?ar. The appearance of the flag at full mast was also taken as evidence that the Chinese officials do not accept the report that ths em peror of China is dead. PORT WINE SI PER GALLON How long we shall be able to sell at this price is a problem nearly solved. With freight advanced some 20 per cent, also an advance on all other arti cles, our large stock of Wines bought at the Wineries in California before ho advance in price will not last always. Higher prices must follow soon.- We warrant every drop of Port, Angelica, Muscatel and other Native Wines, a pine juice of the grape. Buy now. CUbHLNG MED ICAL SUPPLY CO., SSO Washington bt. Boston. . " DBO-2t Free trips to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to Wash ington and numerous other prizes in the Greatest Popular Voting Contest Ever Known. LOCAL R. R. RATES Analysis of Charges On the B. 38; M. and Fitchburg Railroads. An analysis of the freight rates of the Boston 38; Maine and Fitchburg ra..- roads, made by President Tuttle, shows the error In the published statements which have sought to make It appear that the Boston 38; Maine rates were In excess of those of the Fitchburg. The following talk with President Tuttle very pearly shows the advantages to be gained by the proposed arrangement, and sets at rest any claim that rates will be altered adversely to the business interests of Boston. In an Interview ac corded a TRAVELER reporter, yester day, President Tuttle said: "By an advertisement and Interview In yesterday's papers (both anonymous and misleading), an attempt is made to show that by reason of Its separate management the Fitchburg's through freight rates are lower than would be the case were it leased to the Boston 38; Maine. "Under the forms of reports pre scribed by the Railroad Commission, all freight passing on through waybills over two or more separate railroads is denominated 'through' or foreign busi ness, while traffic beginning and ending upon each separate railroad Is called local. "By reason of the Boston 38; Maines relatively larger mileage, and the great er number of its junctions with other roads, it transacts a very much greater amount of through local' business,— that is, business beginning and ending in the New England states—than does the Fitchburg, with its relatively small er mileage and fewer junction points of like character. This New England traf fic. although designated In official sta tistics as through or foreign business, is really local and pays practically local rates, which are no greater upon the Boston 38; Maine and its local connec tions than upon the Fitchburg and Its local connections. By reason of its position as a direct east and west line in connection with the New York Central and other trunk line systems, the Fitchburg railroad participates to a much greater extent than does the Boston 38; Maine in the great volume of foreign export traffic, consisting largely of grain and other agricultural commodities that are trans ported by all roads at abnormally low through rates. These through rates are fixed by competition with other places of export, such as Philadelphia, Balti more, Newport News, New Orleans and Galveston, and none of the shorter rail roads terminating at these export points exercise any real control In making these through rates. "The Fitchburg railroad, whether managed separately or not, can have no other voice in this matter than to say whether it will or will not remain a participant In this through export busi ness at whatever proportion of the through rate its agreed percentage in division will give it. The same condi tion prevails as to the Boston 38; Maine, to whatever extent it is able to engage in this export business. No terminal road has. so far as I know, ever yet declined to participate in export busi ness because the rates were too low, and there is no likelihood that the Fitchburg railroad will go out of this business, on this or any other account, whether it remains a separate road or is leased to some other larger corpora tion. "The well known fact that the Fitch burg's freight business is largely made up of this abnormally low rate export traffic, produces for it a correspond ingly abnormally low average rate for its whole through freight business. The Boston 38; Maine railroad, to the extent that it is able to secure, by way of its present connections, a participa tion in this same kind of business, joins in through rates upon that traffic as low aft those received by the Fitchburg or any other railroad.—in fact they are practical'y the same; but as the Boston 38; Maines through business is made up more largely of traffic handled locally between ft and its Immediate connec tions than of this through export busi ness, Its average rate upon so-called through business' is relatively much higher than that of the Fitchburg, or even of the Boston 38; Albany railroad, where these conditions are reversed. There is not even a semblance of truth, therefore, in the Insinuation that the Fitchburg railroad, by reason of its separate management, gives lower through rates in general than does the Boston 38; Maine or any other New Eng land railroad; and it is equally untrue that an amalgamation of the Fitchburg with the Boston 38; Maine will In any way make it possible to Increase its general average through freight rate unless there shall be a general advance in through export and commodity rates by every other trunk line in the coun try competing for this kind of business, whether the delivery of traffic be at Boston. New York, Philadelphia, or at any other export point. "In these days of great through lines leading from the far western sources of supply to the different export- points upon the Atlantic seaboard, the compe tition has become territorial instead of local, and. consequently, the terminal road forming a part of any of these great through lines, finds itself power less to regulate tn any way the through rates upon which this competitive traf fic is moved. As I have said above, its only power lies in declining to partici pate In moving such part of the traffic as it may consider unremunerative to itself. Railroad history for the past ten years has never yet developed a case where a terminal road has taken this course, and there Is no reason to think that the Fitchburg railroad, whether continued separately or operated as a part of the Boston 38; Maine, will ever be unwise enough to cut itself out from participation in this kind of traffic which today furnishes the greater por-  Uon of its gross business." he Boston weter. SOLDIERS BAR THEIR WAY Kentucky Legislature Cant Hold a Session—Gov. Taylor Issues Procla mation Adjourning The Body. COEBEL CANNOT SURVIVE DAY FRANKFCRT. Ky., Jan. 31.—Governor Taylor has Issued the following proclamatkn; To the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Whereas, a state of insurrection now prevails in the state of Kentucky and especially in Frankfort, the capital thereof, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the constitution of Kentucky, I do hereby, by this proclamation adjourn at once the general assembly of the state of Kentucky to meet at Lon don, Laurel county, Kentucky, Tuesday, the sixth day of February, 1900, at 12 oclock. Given under my hand at Frankfort, Ky., this 30th day of January 1900, at 9 oclock P.M. (Signed) W. S. TAYLOR, Governor of Kentucky. By Caleb Powers, Secretary of State. The Democratic members of the Legislature declined to accept the ad journn ent and have decided to meet elsewhere. The Legislature as a body marched through the streets to the Opera Houses only to find a company of soldiers drawn up before it. Then the Leg islature decided to deliberate in the Court House, and tore through the streets In that direction. A second ccmpany of soldiers beat the lawmakers to the goal and they then took to the streets, looking for a place in which to hold a session and declare Goebel governor of Kentucky. Manager Weitzel of the Capitol House has been notified that if he per mits a meeting of the Legislature in his hotel the militia will take charge. The Republican members of the Legislature will leave at once for Lon don. pursuant to Governor Taylor's instructions for the Legislatureto meet there next Tuesday. THE VICTIM IS DOOMED. FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 31.—1 t is not expected that Mr. Goebel will sur vive this afternoon. He has been slowly sinking throughout the morning. The noise and confusion in the streets and In the Capitol Hotel have worried him greatly. His fever has increased and the doctors have about given up all hope. TWO JUDGES MARKED FOR DEATH FRANKFORT. Ky., Jan. 31— The Court of Appeals Indefinitely adjourned this forenoon, refusing to sit while the militia Is here. One reason given for the Appellate Court adjourning is that letters were (Continued on Third Pave.) - - WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900,                MRS. LAWTON OVERCOME She Cries Like a Baby When Told of the Fund For Her. SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 31.—Until she reached this city Mrs. Lawton knew nothing of the fund raised by the Amer ican people. The news was taken aboard by Pilot Reed and communicat ed to Mrs. Lawton by I4eutenantColonel Edwards, the dead soldiers ad jutant-general. Oh, how kind, how kind," she sobbed and completely overcome she sank down upon a divan and cried like a child. It had always been Hjnrys ambi tion and mine, she said, presently, "to have a home for the children, but I had despaired of it. More she could not say. Everybody in the caoin came forward and congratulated Mrs. Lawton. HEALTH DDARD IS WIDE AWAKE Street Car Fumigated After a Scarlet Fever Passen ger Was Discovered. Tn some of the towns adjoining Bos ton the Boards of Health are alive to the dangers of the spread of contagious diseases, and act promptly In the matter of fumigation. Probably the only case of its kind on record in celerity and originality of execution occurred in Newton yesterday. A man infected with scarlet fever boarded a car yesterday at Watertown, and rode to the Newton Hospital at Woodlawn. The doctors at the hospital on discovering the man's condition im mediately notified the Board of Health of Newton, and within three minutes Dr. Curtis was out waiting for the car on its return trip from Newton Lower Falls. The doctor boarded the car, ordered all the passengers off, the fumigation apparatus was put at work in the car. and by the time that the car reached the car house at Newton, it had been thoroughly fumigated. From the time that the sick man boarded the car and the fumigation less than an hour had elapsed. MOLINEUX TRIAL OFF TILL MONDAY ——— . NEW YORK, Jan. 31.—The probabili ties are that the trial of Roland B. Mollneux will not go on tomorrow as anticipated by Recorder Goff and As sistant District Attorney Osborne, but that there will be another delay until Monday next on account of the illness of Juror Manheim Brown. LAST--6.30 P. M. BULLERS BOAST He Says He Hopes to Be In Ladysmith Within A Week. SOME NEW MOVE IS ON LONDON, Jan. 31.—When the nation had almost resigned itself to the fall of Ladysmith, there comes from all quarters today an indication that Gen eral Buller will make another attempt to relieve the besieged place. If the Dally Mall's report of General Bullers statement, that he hoped to be In Ladysmith within a week, could be Jmpflicitly relied on, news of further serious fighting would be expected shortly. But the papers are loath to believe what the St. James Gazette character izes as "unwarrantable boasting, if true. ANOTHER ATTACK SEEMS LIKELY LONDON. Jan. 31.—The Morning Post in a second edition today publishes a despatch from Winston Churchill, dated Spearman's Camp, Jan. 27, which says: "The British evacuated Splon Kop yesterday evening In perfect ordei, the Boers being too exhausted to harass them. "Captain Thornycroft guided the attack on Spion Kop and after Genera, Woodgate was wounded he succeeded to the command. During the after noon It became evident that we would be unable to hold our position, it being impossible to sufficiently fortify the hill. Thornycroft wisely decided to order a retreat. "The Boer positions before Ladysmith are perhaps Impregnable when at tacked by 2500 mon, but the troons are resolved to make another try. Spion Kop was not a disaster but simply a bloody action while affecting an unten able lodgment. Churchills despatch clears up the mystery as to the name of the officer who ordered the retreat from Spion Kop, General Buller in his report having referred to Th