NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 21, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 8623r471w
---
USE TRAVELER WANTS. THE prices of TRAVELER Wants are the lowest; returns are the best. Be sure your ad is in SATURDAYS TRAVELER, and get a present free : : : :::::: ONE CENT A WORD. ESTABLISHED 1824. 27 Cases of Whooping-cough! t 38; does, for what Dr. Hamilton says below is true. Ayers Cherry Pectoral works wonders for children. A dose or two through the day and another dose at bed time will soon break up the hardest cold, cure night coughs, croup, and bronchitis. Tor all kinds of coughs, at all ages, theres no remedy equal to this old, standard family medicine. Dont think your child must whoop all winter. Youre mistaken. Didnt you know Ayers Cherry Pectoral cures whooping-cough ? It certainly  I have been making a thorough test of Ayers Cherry Pectoral in whooping-cough; and I can now report 27 recent cases treated with this remedy alone, and every one of them cured. The medicine acted like a charm in every instance. I have been in active practice for 33 years, and I have never seen a remedy act so well in this disease. I wish every mother might know how valuable it is." J, K, HAMILTON, M. D., Millwood, Arii., Oct. 24, 1899. You can get a bottle of Ayers Cherry Pec toral now for 25 cents. Its just right for a recent cold. The 50c. size is better for older and harder cases. We still make the l.OO size, most economical in the long run. WASHINGTONS JTHOAY! Tomorrow, being the anniversary of Wash ingtons birth, THE TRAVELER will not be printed. On Friday it will, as usual, have all the up-to-date news of the day. BRINGS DOLLARS TO PRES. LOUBET FARIS, Feb. 21—Mr. Frank J. Thomp son, secretary of the Lafayette mon ument committee, who brings the first of the Lafayette dollars from President McKinley to President Loubet, was pre sented this afternoon by United States Ambassador Porter to M. Delcasse, minister of foreign affairs, and the na ture of his mission explained.  FOR FEBRUARY ONLY. PARLOR SUITES ft  nn down ! BU 0 Per Week UNTIL PAID. Other Goods on Same Easy Terms for This Month Only. EVERYTHING to furhish a HOME Oil EASY TER MS. HOLMES, LUCES, CO. (Euocessors to 0. H RO3IM3OM i 03  140 Washington St. tebi oe-8t 75000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST! 2 MAKE-UP OF THE COMMITTEE Men Who Will Conduct the Investigation of Metropol itan Water Board. The names of the members of the joint special committee to investigate the Metropolitan Water Board were announced in the House and Senate late yesterday afternoon. The committee consists of three mem bers of the Senate and eight of the House. They are: Senator Thomas Post, lawyer, of Lenox, chairman. Senator Henry C. Atwell, lawyer, Lynn, with office in Tremont building, Boston. Senator M. 11. Mahoney, cigar manufacturer, of Westfield, and Representative W. B. Stone, law yer, Springfield. Representative C. T. Tatman. lawyer, Worcester. Representative H. D. Hunt, North Attleboro, publisher of the Chron icle. Representative J. M. Moore, banker, Gardner. Representative John 11. Colby, lawyer. Boston. Representative Matthew M. Mansfield, clerk, Lowell. Representative M. W. Burien, Boston, and Representative John Q. A. Fet tengill, teacher, Salisbury. The House members of the commit tee are equally divided on the question of investigation. Hunt, Mansfield, Pef tenglfl and Tatman voted for the or der, w r hile Burien, Colby, Moore and Stone voted against it. These gentlemen are charged with an investigation under the following order adopted by the Legislature Feb. 8: Ordered. That a joint special committee, to consist of eight traveler members of the Honse and such as the Senate may join, be appointed to inquire into alleged violations of the labor laws and the liquor laws of this Commonwealth, in the construction of the Wacliusett res ervoir, and the alleged extrava gance and favoritism of the Met ropolitan Water Board in the ex penditure of public moneys. Said committee shall report in writing to this General Court, on or before April Ist. their findings, and make any recommendations necessary or proper to abolish the so-called padrone system, and recommend the enactment of such legislation us will restrain said board from further waste of public moneys, if such waste be proven; and said committee shall have power to summon persons and napert." This order was amended in the Senate so to include the settle ment of damages for taking the Boston Water Works. The Metropolitan Water Board con sists of three members. They are: Hon. Henry H. Sprague', lawyer, Boston, chairman. Mr. Sprague has also been president of the State Senate, being elected when the Senate was com posed of 30 Democrats and 30 Republi cans. He is a noted civil service reformer. (Continued on Seventh Page.) PUNGS For business or pleasure from 22 00 up ward; also everything to do with harness ing the horse properly. We will gladly give you further particulars concerning everything for the stable, If you will call —or write BRECKS, No. Bl North Market St., Boston. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1900. LhST ; - 6.30 P.M. CRONJE HARD PUT? KILLED IN SUBWAY Mrs. Monahan of Watertown Pushed in Front of a Car at Park Street Station. THE MOTORMANS STORY The inevitable has happened.   ' ' J --- To the criminal negligence and greed of the Boston Ele vated railway corporation another life has been sacrificed. THE TRAVELER has repeatedly called attention to the danger of just such an accident as occurred yesterday, and which resulted in the death of Mrs. Monahan. Several accidents of a like nature, fortunately with less serious results, have already occurred in the Subway. The corporation cannot plead ignorance of the danger. Whatever may be the blame attached to the brute who is al leged to have caused the accident, the real reason is the ab sence of proper safeguards in the Subway, for which the Tran sit Commission, indirectly, and the Boston Elevated Com pany, directly, are responsible. This sad accident directly concerns the thousands of our citizens, their wives and their children, who use the Subway. Public opinion is omnipotent. Let it make itself felt now. MOTORMAN OF CAR TELLS HIS STORY The motorman of the ill-fated car which ran down and caused the death of Mrs. Ellen Monahan in numbered 3107. He called at the Emergency Hos pital today at 10 oclock, unaware that the woman had died. He made the following statement to THE TRAVIVRS. ELLEN ONAHAN. KtlHed in the Subway Because Th here is No Rail to Protect Human I.i fe.  ELER reporter regarding the accident: I was driving my car slowly around the curve at Park-street station about 5.30 o'clock. As usual, the man who is stationed at the subway to stand on the front platform of each car to prevent passengers boarding while the car is In motion, stepped on. I had to slow up and then stop at station 5, the last place for the cars to stop at the station. The conductor on the step ordered me to pull ahead down (Continued on Last Page.) Berlin Report Is That the Boci General Is Surrounded By The English, AND SURRENDER DEMANDED LONDON, Feb. 21. —A private telegram received here from Berlin this afternoon declares that General Cronje is in a bad position, bearing out yesterdays Berlin rumor that General Cronje was surrounded and that a time limit had been given him within which to capitulate. HAS LADYSMITH BEEN RELIEVED? LONDON, Feb. 21. —At a meeting of the town council of Windsor this morning it was announced that news had reached Windsor Castle that Ladysmith had been relieved. The announcement was received with immense enthusiasm and shouts of Bravo Buller. The rumor of the relief of Ladysmith has again been cur rent on the Berlin and Londo n bourses. Though it is quite possible the report is true, there is no news corroborative of the rumor. REVOLT AMONG THE IRISH RIFLES. LONDON, Feb. 21. —Owing to a revolt in the militia battalion of the Irish Rifles, now in Sheffield, their orders to sail for the Cape today have be en canceled. A large percentage of the men absolutely refused to serve abroad. BOER STORY OF KIMBERLEY. PRETORIA, Monday, Feb. 19.—A portion of an official report from Gen eral Cronje, dated Sunday, Feb. 18, has been given out as follows: Yesterday morning about 6 oclock, while removing the laager near Scholtz Nek, we were attacked by the British. The fight lasted until 7.30 In the evening. Although on the whole the British were driven back, they each time renewed the attack. The loss to the British must have been con siderable. Thus far the Boer loss has been eight killed and twelve wound ed. This morning the British shelled us with cannon. Chief Commandant Ferreira s force was too small to ato p the cavalry from entering Kimber ley. BOERS MASTERLY RETREAT. LONDON, Feb. 21.—A correspondent of the London Daily Chronicle, tele- (Contlnued on Lust Page.) Geta 2340 for Personal Injuries In the second session of the Superior Court, yesterday, a verdict of 2340 for the nlaintiff was returned by a jury In the case of J. K. Riley vs. E. O. Fitch. The action was brought to recover lO,- 000 damages for personal injuries sus tained by the plaintiff by being knocked down by a horse and wagon owned by the defendant. In Pleasant street, on Jan. 15, 1898. nmGOLD CREAM No druggist hereabouts can make a cold cream which approaches ours for Its velvety and Immaculate appearance. Took years of study to perfect this Cold Cream. Costs no more than inferior kinds. Buy a small box and note Its superiority 1 oi., 10c j 4 oa., 25c j 1 lb., 750 For sale at KLEINS PHARMACY, Cor. Tremont and Boylston Sts. febl7-ea-3m WE SHALL NOT open our store on Thursday, Feb. 22d. GEORGE WASHINGTON lived in a time when even politics was pure and whiskey was in every home. How changed the greed of man has made these things. Now the liquors puri fied of the Cushing process are the only ones that can safely be admitted to the home. Order today or not later than Wednesday noon. CUSH ING Mr.DICAL SUPPLY CO., 580 Washington street, Boston. i" DRAPERY DOINGS. There is nothing that succeeds like suc cess. Our methods of arranging Oriental Dens and Corners have been so effective that orders have literally poured in upon us. We also decorate the windows to har monize, and carry a very extensive line of Oriental fabrics, Phulkarie spreads, lanterns, etc. Our prices on drapery goods are low: Mus in Curtains 52.50t0 S 4 a pah Bobbinet Laces 2 to S 3 a pali Superb Porliere Fabrica at S 3 to S 6 a yard (Double-faced and strictly novel.) Window Shades (Ordinary Size) for Colonial Houses, 6Sc. Complete. Sliver Orey. Bark. Warm Brown. Moss, Many of our new Drapery Damasks and Colored Curtains for drawing room and library are very refined patterns at most inexpensive prices. Also some genuine Arab and Renaissance laces. Paine Furniture Co., Draperie atwl CANAL, GROCERIES FREE. BE sure your Want Advertisement is in SAT URDAYS TRAVELER, and get a check good for 25 cents worth of groceries free : : REMEMBER THE DAY. BULLET IN HIS BRAIN Aged Geo. H. Sammet Commits Suicide. After Indicting a letter to his son. re questing that his dead body be washed and cremated, George A. Sammet, a re tired business man, 73 years old, gazed into a hand mirror and then pressing the muzzle of a revolver against Ma right temple sent a bullet into his brain. The tragedy was enacted in a room In the lodging house, 116 West Newton street, where Mr. Sammet has boarded for some time. Despondency caused by worrying over his declining health is thought to have prompted the act. For the past year or more the old gentlemans health has been very poor, with a tendency of growing worse daily. He was very dispirited yesterday and last evening. Soon after 10 o'clock lie retired. About 3 oclock this morning the land lady heard a pistol shot which she thought came from the back yard or somewhere in that vicinity. She waited for a repetition, but as none came, she fell asleep again. The tragedy was discovered by a ser vant who went to call Sammet for breakfast. The dead man was sitting bolt upright In bed. with the mirror ana. revolver in his hands. Upon being no tified of the tragedy the police sent a messenger after Medical Examiner Dra per. Mr. Sammet was owner of the large bedding and upholstering establishment at the corner of Blackstone and Hano ver streets, which is now controlled by the son. On February of 1873, the build ing was burned to the ground, and Mr. Sammet suffered great financial losses. Three persons were killed during the progress of that fire by falling walls. Maud—So you have accepted Tom? Mabel—Yes; he said he wouldnt mar ry me If I didn't J RICE OW CENI2 JO YOU GET UP - WITH A LAME BACK? uo you Realize the Danger You are In? Pa I n A . hktw  r .J aCh? ln thß back 13 unmls  ? .  vldence of kney trouble. It L  a 'J" 6 9  me 'y warning to show you ht the track of health is not clear. If these danger signals are unheeded, here serious results are sure to follow; rights Disease, which is the worst prm of kidney trouble, may steal upon Hu. The mild and the extraordinary effect the world famous kidney remedy, twamp-Root. is soon realized. It stands ne highest for its wonderful cures of fee most distressing cases. A trial will ionvlnce any one—and you may have a Bmple bottle for the asking. Lame back is only one symptom of Mney trouble—one of many. Other Vmptoms showing that you need fwamp-Root. are, obliged to pass water ften during the day and to get up any times at night, smarting or irriMfon in passing, brick-dust or sedl ent in the urine, catarrh of the blad er, constant headache, dizziness, sleepMssness, nervousness, irregular heart eating. rheumatism, bloating, irrlta lllty, worn-out feeling, lack of ambi ion, loss of flesh or sallow complexion. If your water when allowed to remain disturbed in a glass or bottle for kenty-four hours, forms a sediment or VOTE HAS PASSED THE 75,000 HARK Hiss Chamberlain Leads, With Mr. 6ray and Mr. Rankin Next In Line. HOW THE CONTEST GROWS. FIRST PRIZB (For Prpsrtmint Stores)—A trip to the .. (' position, nil expenses paid. I FIRST FRIZES (For Other Stores)—A trip to the Paris Expert- 5 tion, all expenses paid. S SPECIAL PRIZE (for Saleswomen Only)—A trip to the Paris Ex- 1! position, all expenses paid. I i SECOND I'KIZE—A trip to Reantlfnl Jamaica, or, If preferred,  a three weeks trip to Bar Harbor or Saratoga next summer. J 1 HIRII PRIZE—A trip to Washington, or, If preferred, a two  weeks' trip to the White Mountains next summer. J FOURTH PRIZE—A Climax bicycle. i' FIFTH PRIZE—A Climax bicycle.  SIXTH PRIZE—A gold watch. 5 SEVENTH PRIZE—A diamond ring. EIGHTH PRIZE—A graphophone. I To otuera, not prlce-winuers, receiving IU.OOO or more votes, a S 1 Uaiidaome ouyi clock  SPECIAL PRIZE—BO in gold to the one lending the list of eon- i' teatauts the largest number of days.  ! Now the 75,000 mark Is parsed, and Risa Angie Chamberlain of the Abram Frtnch Co. has that to her credit. Mr. Edward R. Gray of Boyle Bros. Credit House is second, and Mr. Clinton D. Rankin of the Thomas Long Co. 