NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 27, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 8c97t154k
---
SSEE Th TRAVELER'S GRAND PRIZES. ESTABLISHED IS2A. E AXE AGAIN 1 11 Hi  Ninety-Three More Men Dis charged From the Water Dept, by Gen. Martin. HIS FORCE IS NOW ONLY 769 Today was  black one tn the water department. It Is signalized by the dis charge at 93 more employees. Remov tls In thia department have been looked for at any time since the first batch f 72 men were dismissed. This was followed by the suspension of 64 others. Since Mayor Hart was fnaugurated 239 men all told have been cut off from the water department payroll. When the year begun there were 998 employ ee in this division of public service. Now the force stands at 769, and a large number of the remaining em ployees are working Va haX time. In deed, lt ls B tai ed that t l  force is now o A pract .cal basis f What Liained i n the watr department is -xpect  ir  the etredt department as aoon as S' apt. Wheeler takes charge and th-, redu ctlon of employees in jßome other department Vs fo-eeasted by the evident purpose at the administration to out munic,.oal expenses to the low est point. Nex. week many discharges are expected Im the department of the Street Commissioners. Many of the men discharged today through the order of Water Commis sioner Martin were political friends of Hon. John R. Murphy, ex-water oom mlssioner. The Murphy men hoped that the Influence of their political leader would save them, but the mayor has not shown in todays list of dis charges much discrimination for any Demooratio faction. The list of persona employed in the distribution division of the water de partment who were discharged today is as follows: Michael Bowen, coppersmith. Edward F. Donnelly, plumber. Michael J. McLaughlin, laborer and plumiber. Hugh P. Trainor, phimber. John C. MoDonongh, plumber James Mulcahey, pipe caulker. Thomas E. Crosby, tester and adjuster of meters. John H. McGrath, plumber and oalker. John E. Cassidy, boy. John H. Finneran, indicator and dial maker. William H. Kelly, laborer Mark Manning, laborer. Thomas H. Rourke, boy. Dennis F. Sullivan, boy. John F. Ijoonard, tallyman and pipe cutter. WllMara J. Kelly, tallyman. Patrick Heffernan, messenger. George E. McCarthy, meeeenger. Frank McDonough, boy, John J. Creed, boy and rodman. Robert E. Gallivan. boy. William Kilty, tallyman. William Lonergan, laborer. John V. Murphy, tallyman. Richard V. Quirk, brick and stone Culler. Patrick H. Raftery, brick culler. John F. Roche, hoetiers boy. Thomas E. Soott, laborer. Patrick F. Toland, laborer, John J. Broderick. ship oalker, W. J. Broderick, machinist, metal pat tern makr. Daniel F. Burns, tallyman. Chris L. Christensen, laborer. Bart Coyne, messenger. Stephen A. Crowley, boy. D. J. Flanagan, carpenter. Jamee O. Hartnett, beam Under. DanlM C. Kelleher, rubber gaeket maker. Jerome h. Kelly, laborer, Frank McCormick, laborer. Robert Nulty, tallyman. John Rattig an, tallyman. Phi Up A. Daly, teamster and laborer. DEPEW FINED 2OO. Charlestowns Bogus Doc tor Was Brought to Jus tice By The Traveler. William R Depew, the Charlestown Dispensary attendant, who was convlctM ( du Illegal practise of mediolns on IE PRIZES OFFERED BY THE TRAVELER IN ITS GRAND POPULAR VOTING CONTEST, Free trips to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to Wash ington and numerous other prizes in the Greatest Popular Voting Contest Ever Known. Richard P. Harirngton, laborer. William Kelly, ship calker and sailor. Patrick J. Leary, laborer. James Moran, laborer. John Murphy, Ist., laborer. Jere P. OBrien, laborer. Daniel OConnell, rigger, splicer and blockmaker. William F. OHara, miner, blaster and borer. Edward F. Donnelly, messenger. Edward Callahan, boy. Timothy J. Murphy, 2d., laborer. Thomas J. Nixon, painter, grainer and letterer. Charles E. Crowley, wheelwright Cornelius Crowley, brick culler. James F. McKenney, laborer. James J. Crowley, boy. James J. Morrison, laborer and car penter. Daniel J. Callahan, tallyman. John H. Helmund, carpenter and pat tern maker. John W. Donahu', wireman. Patrick J. Calnan, engineer. William Brickley, painter. Patrick Buckley, janitor. Charles P. McCarthy, engineer. John J. Callahan, rubber and leather cement maker. John Cogavin, assistant engineer. James H. Connors, inspector of main pipe. Michael J. Coughlin, tallyman. Henry J. Daly, wireman and electri cian. William G. Dolan, pump maker. William Fitzgibbons, boy. Patrick G. Hurley, carpenter. Michael J. Joyce, electrician. James H. McDonald, grainer, painter and letterer. John H. McManus, boatman. Thomas E. Murphy, tallyman. Thomas Sullivan, tallyman. Peter P. Toner, electrician and under ground wireman. An order issued to General Superin tendent Caldwell of the Income Division abolishes the titles of several branches of that divisions service and the title of the division will hereafter cover all ts operations. This order reads as fol lows: "Dear Sir—By order of the water com missioner the oub-divisloi.s of the in come division of the water department, heretofore known as clerk, messenger, Inspector, deacon and meter service are hereby abolished, and the services heretofore rendered under theee sub divisions will be classed as one division, to be known as the income division, and wll be under the drection of the general superintendent of that diviison, who is hereby authorized to detail men under his charge for special work, from time to time, as occasion may require, with authority to designate foreman to take charge of the various details that may be made. "The clerks, messengers, Inspectors and all other employees who have been serving in this division will be retained in their reepectlve positions at their present salaries, except the following named persons, whose services will be no longer required and who are hereby discharged; Michael J. OBrien, foreman. William H. Johnson, electrictan. John H. Quinlan, special agent. C. F. Sweeney, inspector. Charles P. Maguire, steam fitter. Joseph H. Toland, wireman. Michael OReardon, engineer. Daniel F. Regan, tallyman. William F. Cashman, laborer. John H. Cronin, laborer. Peter J. McDonald, laborer. Stephen Kelly, messenger. "This order will take effect at the close of business on Saturday, Jan. 27, 1900. and you are hereby directed to notify the above-named persons ac cordingly. Tours very truly, W. E. SWAN, Secretary.' Among the Murphy men discharged is evidence furnished by THE TRAVEL ER, was fined J2OO yesterday by Judge Sheldon of the Superior Court. Depew gave attendance to two chil dren in the Northern family, and under his care one of them died Judge Sheldon in sentencing Depew said that, although the moral blame lay at the door of those who :lowed Depew to practise his frauds, the sentence must be imposed to deter others from the same imposition. he Boston (Traveler. Foreman Michael J. OBrien of Ward 5, who is a personal friend of the ex water commissioner. OBrien was re duced in rank and pay by Acting Com missioner Wells. Other prominent Mur phy msn in the list are William H. Johnson of Ward 4, and John H. Quin lan of Ward A When the news spread through City Hall that the axe was again tailing in the water department there was great Interest taken as to who constituted thj list. The Quincy Democracy was greatly pleased to find that so many Murphy men had to go. The Quincy Democrats expected the axe thsmselvee, and took the discharges coolly. SAN MARCOS HOLDS WELL WOODS HOLE, Jan. 27.—The steamer San Marcos, Boston for New York, which anchored off Nobska in the north west gale yesterday, was riding safely this morning and holding well, although she had a hard fight, as did all shipping off this coast. The San Marcos met the full fores of the wind, which was blow ing at a 60-mlie rate, when she passed Nobska yesterday, and fearing it would be too much for her the captain put back, seeking shelter under the head lands. BRADY DECORATED OWN MONUMENT NEW YORK, Jan. 27.—The people of Flushing, L. 1., have just found out that John Brady, sexton of the Meth odist church at Coruna. L. 1., has for years been coming to Flushing on Me morial day and decorating a monument to the soldier? 4ad which bears a tab let containing Bradys own name. Brady enlisted in 1861 In the Eighty seventh New York Volunteers, was wounded four times and discharged in December, 1863. Returning to Flushing for a rest he soon enlisted in the For tieth New York Volunteers. But before the regiment got away he hurt his hand and ths war was over before he could join it. His name appeared on the list of those who went out, but not on that of the ones who wers mustered out. Thus the Impression got abroad that he had been killed, and when the soldiers monument was put up a tablet to his memory was placed on it. Whn Brady discovered that his name was on the monument he said nothing about it until within the last few days. CAREFUL RAKING FOR HUMAN BONES UXBRIDGE, Jan. 27.—A careful search of the premises where the skel eton was found at South Uxbridge Mon day has been made, and several bones, a tooth, bits of clothing and several buttons and enough hair to show that the person had very light brown or sandy hair were obtained. One of the buttons was inscribed McMillan pants. The tooth was somewhat decayed. If it can be proved that the body was there longer than since last July, it will dispose of the connection with the horse and buggy which was dis covered in the couth part of the town on July 8, and which has never been claimed by anyone. ROMANCE ENDS IN CREMATION NEW YORK, Jan. 27.—The body of James J. Egan, who was executed for the murder of Andrew Pepper of Mont rose. Pa was cremated yesterday at Fresh Pond, L. 1., at the expense at Miss Mary J. Garr, a Brooklyn school teaoher. One of Egan's brothers lives at Flush ing. The cremation was the last act of a romantic friendship which had grown up between Miss Carr and the mur derer. HAS STEAMER IN TOW LONDON, Jan. 27.—The Atlantic Transport line steamer Marquette, Cap tain Gates, frem New York, January 16, for London, passed Beachy Head to day and signalled the following mes sage: Have towt d Queen Wilhelmina, broken shaft, latitude 49, longitude 17. The British steamer Queen Wilhel mina. Captain Pinkham, left Rotterdam on January 3 and Shields January 9 for Baltimore. QUINTA HELD. CLINTON, Jan. 27.—John Quinta was arraigned in the district court this morning on a charge of assault with a  dangerous weapon, with intent to rob, on Frederick L. Davis of Leomin ster. The original charge was that of murder. Davis was summoned from Leomin ster. but he and the government wit nesses failed to appear, and the case was continued until Monday. Quinta was held in 2500 bonds. MAINE HOTEL BURNED NORWAY, Me., Jan. 27.—News was received here from Hebron, ten miles east of Norway, this morning, of the destruction of the Bellevue House there by Are. last night. It was owned by Frank Glover and was used by students at the academy as a lodging and board ing bouse. SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, 1900 OXE S TWO ! (BOTH) XOW, ILL DARE YOU TO SAY THREE. Six Americans Shot By Mexican Troops EL PASO. Tex., Jan. 27.—The mall from Guayamus, Sonora, Mex., brings a report that six Americans, David Cusick, John Eldridge, George Lunt. Charles Burns, Lon Webster and Henry Williams, were shot last wek near the Bacatsle Mountains, east of Guayamus. by order of General Torres, in command of the Mexican troops operating against the Yaquls. It la further reported that th matter was brought to the attention of the American con sul at Guayamus, but that the latter declined to act. It is said the Mexican troops found the Americans in friendly Intercourse with ths Yaquls, whom the troops have surrounded. Some of the names are known as those of prospectors. COE COMES BACK His Action is Voluntary and He Claims That His Arrest is an Error. William W. Coe. late of the Altham International Motor Company, has sur rendered himself to Chief Inspector Watts. Coes presetice at headquarters this morning created considerable excite ment in Pemberton square. The way he happened to get there is quite in teresting. He was arraigned in the White Plains (N. Y.) court yesterday on the Charge of being a fugitive, but was discharged. The papers presented by Chief Watts and prepared by the clerk of the Bos ton Municipal Court setting forth the complaint and warrant against the ac cused in this city, were not accepted. The clerk made the mistake of sending on certified copies instead of exem plified copies of these documents. The laws of New York State are very strict on this point. The chief had the wrong documents and the prisoner couldn't be held because there was nothing offered to show that he was what the charge alleged, a fugitive from the State of Massachusetts. The moment the prisoner was dis charged Chief Watts approached him and told him that it would only be a short time when the right document would arrive from Boston. The chief intimated to Coe that he would dog him until the proper papers were secured. Coe then decided to come to Boston and surrender himself. He told the chief that he would take the next train back, and offered to submit to arrest on the spot. The chief, however, refused to, aid nim or sanction his coming to Boston. "If you go it must be without any help from me; you must go voluntarily," said the chief. Coe decided to leave for Boston at once. The chief kept him in sight until he crossed into Massachusetts. Then Coe was placed under arrest. "I feel pretty blue, I tell you, said Coe to THE TRAVELER man as he sat in Chief Watts private office. I'll be glad when its all over. I think Mr. Francis was a little hasty in se curing a warrant for my arrest. The 55000 which Mr. Francis charges I mis handled I invested, as I thought, safe ly, in stocks of the Gilsoni Asphalt Co. It wasn't my fault that the investment proved disastrous I repeat. I'll be glad when this thing is over. Coe was not arraigned in court today for the reason that he was detained too long at headquarters. He was taken to the city pr.son about noon, and later transferred to the Charles street jail, where he will remain, unless bailed, until summoned to court Monday morn ing. thTweather. Fair and Warmer. WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.—For New England and Eastern New York: Fair tonight; increasing cloudiness and warmer Sunday: fresh westerly winds, shifting to southerly. BOSTON BLEND U atlll the INCOMPARABLE 25c. COFFEE In 1 or 2 lb. oans. Why don't YOU try It ? Cobb, Bates 38; Yerxa Co. _ - - . 1nn2T.30 DRINKS MERCURY CYANIDE New York Chemist Tests Mrs. Adams Poison, FEELS NO ILL EFFECTS NEW YORK, Jan. 27.—ProfesAor Wal ter Theo Scheele, a chemist, last night, as an experiment, drank a mixture of bromo seltxer and cyanide of mercury, without any ill efte its, says the Herald today. This was done as an experiment, and the mixture being the same as that which killed Mrs. Adams, and It may have an important bearing on the Moll neux case. At the time Professor Scheele was ex perimenting in the presence of witnesses with guine