NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 11, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 8p58wp00w
---
WATCH THE TRAVELERS GREATEST AND GRANDEST VOTING CONTEST-PAGE 2 Who  Tmt Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Otoe your choica a trip to Vlasia frea. Coupon on page x ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. Prices Cut and Slashed FOR FRIDAY, REMNANT DAY Underwear and Hosiery. On tot CHILDREN'S EGYPTIAN COTTON JERSEY RIBBED FLEECED LINED DRAWERS, earns finished, al! sizes, reg ular price 19c. pair, for Fri- Ra day per pair, only JU One lot LADIES' HEAVY JERSEY RIBBED VESTS and PANTS. in cru and gray, fleece lined vests trimmed with silk lace on necks and front, pearl buttons, gusset sleeves, pants with French bands, side but toning, ankle length, few subject to manufacturer's slight Imperfections, regular price 25c. each, Fri- 0 I a day only, each I A2U ne lot CHILDRENS HEAVY RIBBED VESTS, heavy fleeced lined, vests handsomely trimmed, seams covered, all sizes, reg ular 25c. quality, Friday IRa only, each  LADIES' UNION SUITS, button down front, Egyptian cotton. heavy fleeced. ankle length, handsome trimming, regular price 39c. Hp each, Friday, each 4 JU LADIES EXTRA HEAVY RIBBED VESTS, double fleeced, vests with wide silk lace and tapes on neck and front, sleeves with gussets, our 50c. quaJity, Friday QQa only each CHILDREN'S ALL-WOOL HOSE. with double heels and soles, reg ular 25c. quality, our price IC. Friday I Ju One lot LADIES CHILDRENS and INFANTS HOSE, ladies plain seamless, narrow ankle, children's fine corduroy ribbed, double soles, and infants' wh to cashmere, with silk heels and tee, fast color, reg ular price 10c. and 25c. per I  pair, Friday only uu One lot BOYS and GIRLS' COR DUROY RIBBED SEAMLESS HOSE, double soles, heels and toes, regular price 12c.. Friday Q only Ou One lot' LADIES' FLEECED LINED HOSE, silky fleeced, narrow ankle, double soles and heele, guar anteed fast black, regular price 15c. per pair, for Fri- Qn day Ju One lot LADIES' FANCY HOSE, seamless, plain and dropstitch, col ored tons and stripes. In handsome patterns, double solee and heels, all colors guaranteed, regular price 25c. pair, Friday only, per t pair I 3C LINEN DEPT. Bc. TURKISH BATH TOWELS. etch.. Ac. 26c. Hemmed HUCK TOWELS (olledL each I 2 20c. Brown BATH TOWELS, alz W5O. c Half Bleached LINEN TABLE DAMASK, per yd  7c Fringed LINEN NAPKINS, each.-Ac. BASEMENT r BARGAINS. One lot 112-piece DINNER SETS, fine white seml norcelain, beauti ful underglaze border decoration; every piece full size;' would be cheap at 9.98, for this rale only 4.98 Not over one sot to a customer. One lot TUMBLERS and DRINKING GLASSES. 6 to 14 oz. sizes, regular price from 49c to 31 doz; sale 0 price only, per doz A u One lot SNOW SHOVELS, regu- Q lar 25c quality, for Friday only Ju 75 feet Braided Cotton CLOTHES LINE with a dozen Clothes Pins, our !Q n price only I Ju Our Special—NlCKEL ALARM CLOCK, reduced only PLATED 57c One lot HALL LAMPS (like cut) in ruby, pink and other colors, com plete with chim ney for this sale, reduced to only 79c Ta To Ton Ton Too Too Too Ton Ton an aan can ean can can can can can can save sava save save save aare aare nave aavo  H MMMMJMS M  buying buying boylnb buying buying buying goods goods goods goods godda goods goods of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of na n ns na us ns us us us us us us US BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 HANOVER STREET. PULMONINE. 85 eta. per Bottle. Tour druggist has It. Nothing like It FOR COUGHS AND COLDS. GILCHRIST 38; CO. A store cant do everything—it cant prevent prices from rising—but yet its wonderful to see how much a store of the highest type CAN do to put off the evil day ofhigher prices for its customers. FOR INSTANCE, we think it an achievement to get together fifty thousand pieces of Muslin Underwear at prices often less than present cost of materials alone. There may not be much immediate profit in this sale, but there is advertisement in it, and we want you to keep in touch with us throughout the year. By the way, have you glanced at the facade of Our New Building, around the corner on Washington street ? We expect to break through into it inside of three fnonths. Dress Goods Bargains. Some of the Most Popular of the Winter Seasons Dress Goods are now getting Marked Down for a Quick Clearance. Mens Shirt Sale Our Dandy White Uniaundered Shirts, good quality cotton, closed bosom, reinforced front and back, double stitched felled seams, gus seted, patent neck band. OOp Nothing like it at V Our Gainsay White Unlaundered Shirts, fine quality cotton, 3-ply linen bosoms. Fully worth 50c., for this special O 7 ' sale are O  2 Mens White Night Shirts, with a large variety of fancy fronts, full size, perfect in shape and finish, regular prices oOe., 75c. and l.OO, for this special sale 35c, 42c, 62ic aooo yards Fancy Jacquard Dress Goods, all good colors, ought to bring 38c. a yard, will be on to days counter at 15c. iGrand 1 1 Voting i Contest THE WEATHER. Snow and Warmer. WASHINGTON, Jan. U.—For Main: Fajr tonight; snow and warmer Friday; light to fresh northerly winds, becom ing variable. For Vermont: Increasing cloudiness tonight; snow and warmer Friday; va riable winds, becoming easterly. For Massachusetts and Rhode Island: Increasing cloudiness and snow tonight; snow and probably warmer Friday; light, variable winds, becoming easter ly and Increasing. See Through It. Sometolmes. said the janitor philosopher, a woman will stand and gaze at an ugly bat In a window for tin minnits. Yed wondher at It till ye look closer. Thin, ye see there' a lookin glaaa back ay th hat. Continued clearance of Remnants and Mill Ends at- even smarter mark-down than last week. See those at 25c and soc Collars and Cuffs. Mens 4-Ily Pure Linen Collars and Cuffs, in all the latest shapes, and usually sold at 1.75 and 2.25 a dozen, are COLLARS. CUFFS. A _ HALF HALF 49c DUZ. 69CiD0Z. We Boston traveler. FATHER MGLYNN BURIED NEW YORK. Jan. 11.—The funeral to day of the Rev. Dr. Edward McGlynn in St. Stephen's Church, of which he was formerly the pastor, was the occasion of a manifestation of popular affection such as has rarely bien witnessed. The coffin containing the remains of the beloved priest was deposited at the altar rail of the church at 5.30 A.M.. and from that time until the doors were closed at 12.30 P.M. 40,000 persons, it Is estimated, looked on the face of the dead. The obsequies began at 9.30 with a solemn chant for tne dead, conducted by Rev. Thomas P. McLaughlin and Rsv. Thomas F. O'Connor of St. Ste phens. ENGLANDS ANSWER ARRIVES WASHINGTON. Jan. 11 — The state departmsnt has hist received from Mr. Choate the reply of the British govern ment to his representation respecting the flour seizures. The communication is quits long, and Is in cipher. It is now being deciphered, and mean while its contents are unknown. COME AND SEE a practical Illustration of the merit of AS BIOSTINE. It la a waterproof, cold watei paint, about one-slxtb aa expenalve aa oil paint, la durable and fireproof. The satisfaction given on thirty-eight acres of wall surface at tbs South Station convinced us, and we are painting an acre or more ot our wall space with it. We also sell It. BRECK'S? 51 No? Market St. FEATHERED LUXURY. The advantage of large transac tions is nowhere more manifest than in the Feather industry. We are the largest consumers of Feathers in New England. As heavy buyers we have the constant attention of the leading houses in the trade. We get tue first offerings of all lots. This means a great deal when applied to feathers. We are enabled to offer our customers a selection carefully graded as to quality, carefully harmonized as to color, strictly hygienic, and so full of life and vigor that a less quantity is required for filling, making them much more economical in use. If you find it worth while to visit Canal Street for furniture it is doubly worth while to come here for feather bedding. The pillow we supply is one that makes sleeping a delight. And you pay only Canal Street prices. Paine Furniture Co., Droperies and Ftirnlttire, -S?S CANAL S'TICISEJT. The Muslin Underwear Sale. Keen foresight anticipating an advance in materials, together with knowledge for qualltV, is the combination which brings you our Underwear at last years prices. Bring spectacles and tape measure with you to see they are not Skimped and poorly made. We Kuarantee every Corset Cov er to flt perfectly. 100 doz. Corset Covers, high or low neck, positively the last 7I  we can sell at  50 doz. Corset Covers, high, low or V neck, lace or Hamburg trim med, some are slightly soiled and marked from 25c. 12ic 300 doz. Corset Covers, all styles not one in the lot worth less than 89c., and some were 49c., OK zv all at Drawers — Fine muslin, cambric ruffle, worth 25c., for 121 c Drawers — Hemstitched. Hamburg or plain ruffles, none worth less than 39c, for 25c Gowns —Very fine quality fleeced Jian nelette, actu ally worth 75c.,-for double 49c Gowns — Fine muslin, lace, burg or ribbon trimmed, worth l.OO, for nam69c THURSDAY. JANUARY 11, 1900. GLOVE-MAKERS ON A STRIKE Girls in Jamaica Plain Fac tory Say They Are Underpaid. About 30 girls from the Temple glove factory in Green street, Jamaica Plain, are out on a strike. The girls say that for a year or two past they have been working at lower rates than any other glove makers in the city. and. in fact, lower than they themselves had been accustomed to re ceive in times past. Tuesday last a committee was sent to the proprietors of the factory, Helmer 38; Weisner, with a request for a raise of 7 cents a dozen pairs on all grades of work, making the price 89 cents on double seamed work and 82 cents on single seam, instead of 82 and 75 as here tofore. Heimer A Weisner refused to con sider the demand. and. according to the girls, threatened to discharge the lead ers of the mo ven ent. At 2 oclock Tuesday the majority went out, and as yet neither side has shown an inclination to make any con cessions. A TRAVELER mtn raw Mr. Heimer of the flrm today, and he said that the girls in his factory wore better paid than the majority of glove workers; that the discontent which eventually caused the strike was fostered among a few girls ir. the shop, who were not in dustrious enough to earn good wages. In support or his statements Mr. Hel mer showed his pay roll, showing week ly earnings running from 7 to ll per week. Mr. Heimer said that the firm would not back down at all, but. If It became necesary, would send all their gloves elsewhere to be made. The girls have already held two meet ings, and this evening will hold an other at 724 Washington street, at which steps will be taken towards the organi zation of a union. It is earnestly re quested by the girls that all the glove makers in the city may attend the meeting. Salary Classiticatlon Is Abolished. ! CLEVELAND, 0., Jan. 11.—The recent i demand of the engineers employed by the Lake Bhor. road that the salary classification be abolished and a uniform r scale of 3.80 be paid for a days work I has been granted by the company. CORSET SPECIALS. 2,5 doz. white, drab and fancy colored Corsets, includ ing a full gore hip corset with lace and silk floss trim ming, actually worth 75c., for 39c 150 pair R. 38; G. Corsets, in white, drab and black (seconds), about 10 your choice for different styles, regular price of which are 1.25 to 2.75, 89c COLORED PETTICOATS Mercerized Cloth Petticoats, style as here shown, made very full and regu larly sold at 225, for 1.49 LAST --- 6.30 P. M. IS BULLER BEATEN? Rmr That the General Has Met An other Reverse at the Tugcla River. LONDON, Jan. n.—On the street today Kaffir securi ties were weak, owing to a rumor from Paris that General Buller had met with another defeat. There was a rumor current in the clubs late today that a battle was progressing at the Tugela river, hut nothing could be obtained in corroboration of the report. WILL METHUEN BE RELIEVED? CHICAGO. Jan. 11.—A special cable to the Chicago Tribune from London A ROUSING SUCCESS. The Great Clearance Sale. Our Great Sale of Trousers. Our Great Sale of Suits. Our Great Sale of Overcoats. The Greatest Sale Ever Inauguratetl in Boston. TROUSERS 38;  Mens Fine Suits Grand Sale of Trousers 5.00 6.50, at the popular price of See assortment is without doubt the greatest in Boston, and we invite you to examine before purchasing. 6.75 8.75 Suit in dark heavy-weight goods —made in first-class manner and equal to the usual suits sold at double the price now asked About four hundred Suits in fancy Scotch Cheviots and Fancy Wor steds, made in first-class shape to sell at i2 to sl4—now on sale at Our Great Trouser Window— Boy Is ton Street Side. We place on sale today several hundred Worsteds and Scotch Cheviot Suits, made up in first-class shape, worth l4 and Jl5, at the remarkable price of Several styles of fine Fancy Worsted Suits, extra heavy and all worsted, reduced from l5. W and 2O to We name interesting prices on Mens 200 pairs of winter weight Dark stripe Fancy worsted Trousers. Should sell readily at 53.50. Now rb CA on sak at v Eighty pairs Extra heavy win ter Trousers. Whole waist band and side pockets. A desirable 3.50  A style in a gray Sixty pairs of nobby check Trousers. A stylish Black aud White small check, made to sell at 4 or 4.50 per pair. We ib nA place on sale Two lots of heavy wool stripe Trousers. Light and dark stripes. Strictly all wool and perfect fitting, (b "1 An Worth y to  J (J (J 14.50, at 'r v Three large lots of Four dollar Stylish worsted stripe Trou sers. Three desirable shades and nicely made trousers, with whole rb A A waistband and X J. (JU side pockets... Many styles of fine cassimere and worsted Trousers in most desirable styles, cut on the most recent patterns and perfect fitting. Thia lot is large aud the variety varied, including many fb F A 4-50 and 5 00 X J qualities, at.. We place on sale today about six hundred pairs of fine Worsted Trousers, qualities usually sold at 6.00 and Cassimeres, lO 2.50 Suits. Our We make in this department the most radical cuts in price. Perfect Fitting Suits We have many large lots and have decided to unload them at once regard less the cost. This week will be a great suit sale record. Such prices will never be named again. READ! READ!! READ!!! We shall sell at once from our wholesale stock, at retail, three large lots of fine all-wool Suits, sack style. These suits are as good Jfe   quality as any sold in the city at tL M K M io and l2. They will go rap- -W j  idly, so come at once. Price is ww I I V Several lots of Scotch Mixtures and a Fancy Worsted Has been the greatest success ever attempted in this line. PERFECT FITTING TROUSERS Have been sold to the multitude at remark ably low prices. Saturday last we sold more Trousers than the whole, of the prevlousweek. Each day this week has been a record breaker. READ, READ, READ. Two large lots, about eighteen hundred pairs, of those wear-resisting, hairline Trousers. These are the celebrated Brumbach Reading Hairlin