NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 16, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: 9c683v75j
---
A NEW LEADER IN THE TRAVELERS CREAT POPULAR VOTING CONTEST.-! 50,000 MARK IS PASSED. ESTABLISHED 1824. 4 a fl  OtHICMrsTC IN THIS I GH38;iT CUBING These Suits are Elegantly Trimmed and Tailored. The Workmanship is Unsurpassable. WE CALL YOUR ATTENTION TO A FEW OF THE STYLES AND QUALITIES: CHEVIOTS in Fancy and Blacks, single and double breas'ed. FANCY WORSTEDS in all the .ate stripes and mixtures. VICUNAS in all the new shades. Our OXFORD GRAYS are plums. Special attention is called to our BLACK CLAY WORSTEDS, single and double breasted. Aso several lots of Cutaway Frocks. See the Values in our Windows. Every Suit or Overcoat Purchased They Are Silent Salesmen. During This Sale Fully Guaranteed  OUTFITTERS  For all mankind WASHINGTON ST. Qk. hayhmd place. SOMERVILLE GIRL STRIPPED IN SCHOOL Little Frances Bentley, To Clear Herself of Suspicion of Theft, Humiliated Be fore Her Schoolmates. TEACHERS POCKETBOOK STOLEN Parents of Somerville school children ire indignant over the outrageous treat ment of an orphan girl, 15 years old, in the Prescott grammar school. Suspected of being a petty thief she was asked by Miss Mary L. Boyd, the sewing teacher of the city, to submit to the humiliation and disgrace of being stripped of all her clothes before the two teachers, In order that these self constituted judges could ascertain whether or not the girl had a stolen pocketbook and money In her posses sion. The teacher, finding that the girl was per'.ctly innocent, did not apologize to te girl or the class for her conduct, and the poor girl, without father or mother, is compelled to suffer ostracism from her schoolmates in addition to the intense mental anguish caus-sd by the outrage of being stripped. It is quite probable that the teachers will be called before the school commit tee for Investigation and legal proceed ings will be instituted against the teacher and the city. The principals figuring in this case, which has caused endless talk and in dignation in Somerville, are Miss Mary L. Boyd, an elderly lady, who is teacher of sewing in the public schools of the ctty; Miss Emma M. Cate, teacher of the seventh grade in the Prescott gram mar school on Florence street. East Somerville; San.uel A. Johnson, princi pal of the school, and Miss Frances Benitley. the young pupil in Miss Cate's room, who was searched by the two teachers. On Friday last Miss Boyd went to the Prescott school, and in the afternoon, trom 2 to 3 o'clock, she instructed Miss Cates class )n sewing. The class is a mixed one. composed of 47 pupils, of whom 28 are girls. Miss Boyd had in her hand as she en tered a pocket book, of green leather, with silver corners, and which con tained, so Miss B yd avers, the sum of 5. Miss Boyd laid this down on her desk and proceeded to instruct the girls In sewing. When ahe left the room at I o'clock she entered the next room to TRAVELERS . . . Greatest and . Most Popular Vot ing Contest breaks all records. . .  See on other pages. instruct the pupils and, so far as can be learned, Miss Boyd does not know whether she left the pocket-book In Miss Cate's room on the desk, or took it with her into the adjoining room. However, it was 4 oclock before she discovered the loss of the purse, and she hastened back Into Miss Cate's room to inquire for her purse. But none of the pupils knew anything about it, so they all stated. The boys in the class were then dis missed, including two boys whom some of the girls say were up to the desk while Miss Boyd was in the room. Miss Boyd, in the presence of Miss Cate, made inquiries among the girls, but could not succeed in obtaining any sat isfactory evidence as to who saw the pocket-book. Every girl was made to empty her pockets and place their contents upon their desks, and also open their desks for inspection. Ths had no effect. The pocketbook oould not be found. Every girl was then asked to state what she knew about It. One girt told Mis's Boyd that she had seen Frances Bentley standing near the table, but beyond that saw nothing out of the way. The Bentley girl Indignantly re futed the statement, and wanted to be heard as did also several of the girls schoolmates. But Miss Boyd would not listen. Miss Boyd Insisted that the Bentley girl ought to be searched before she left the school. The girl was searched, and in order to prove her Innocence compelled to strip off all her clothing In the presence erf Miss Boyd and Miss Cate and subjected to a search, but without finding he purse. The poor girl, ashamed before her schoolmates, hurried home and told her aunt and grandmother, with whom she lives, of the occurrence, and cried bitterly, thinking of the humiliation to which she had been subjected. STRIPPING THE BENTLEY GRL The Bentley girl, whose father and mother are dead, was seen yesterday by a TRAVELER reporter, and she told her story. She is a bright-eyed, intelli gent girl with tight hair and a sweet. Innocent face. That Friday afternoon Miss Boyd She Wston traveler. came into the room to rive us our les son in sewing. I had occasion to go to her desk three times for her to examine my work, and also to get her to explain something which I did not understand. Other girls were there just as often, and some more often, than I was. She left the mom at 3 oclock and went into the next room. I did not see the purse at all, but some of the pupils say that they did. At 4 oclock Miss Boyd came into our room and told us that she had lost the purse and money, and wanted to know if any one had taken It. No one knew what had be come of the purse, and .diss Boyd then made all the girls empty their pockets and turn them inside out. I aid not have any pockets in my clothing. Miss Boyd them searched the dress ing-room, looking In all the coats and rubbers for the purse, but could not find it. One girl, with whom I seldom speak, then told the teacher that she had (Continued on Third Page.) CECIL RHODES. Whose Friends May Not Have to Pay a 10,000,000 Ransom to - - . the Boers. m M FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900. LAST 6.30 P. M. CRONJE STRATEGY UpmanN! _ Implies Quality. MOLINEUX FACES HIS SENTENCE Recorder Goff Says He Must Die During the Week of March 26. NEW YORK, Feb. 18.—Roland B. Mo llneux was today sentenced to die in Sing Sing prison during ths week of March 26 for the murder of Mrs. Kath erine J. Adams. He made a statement asserting that he had not been fairly convicted, and that yellow journal ism had put a price on his head. Recorder Goff in pronouncing sentsnee reminded the defendant that his coun sel had already presented all the facts to the jury, and that the court had but one duty to perform. Molineux shpt soundly last night and awoke refreshed this morning and ap parently in no fear of the terrible ordeal of today. He ate a hearty breakfast, smoked and read the papers. General Molineux and his son Leslie walked into the court room a little be fore 10.30. They were to be the only representatives of the family present except ths convicted mau. General Molineux was asked about the fund It had been proposed to raise for him to defray expenses he had been under by ths trial, and he said when inquiry was made regarding his ac ceptance: Absolutely under no circumstances would I accept such a thing. As soon as the court was called to order District Attorney Gardiner asked that the recorder pronounce sentence upon Roland B. Molineux, convicted of murder in the first degree. The clerk of the court called Roland B. Molineux to the bar. The door leading to the watting room was opened and Molineux stepped brisk ly In. The clerk turned to him: Have you any legal reason to advance that the judgment of death shall not now be pro nounced against you? The defendand, by his counsel, re plied Mr. Weeks, moves for a new trial on the ground that the verdict ren dered against him was contrary to law and directly against the evidence. It was contrary to the evidence and against the weight of the evidence. Mr. Weeks then read the grounds for his application for a new trial, basing them chiefly on the legal exceptions taken during the trial, upon the excep tions taken during the empaneling of the jury, upon the recorder's refusal to charge the jury, to disregard certain statements made by the prosecuting at torney, and upon the recorders refusal to reject testimony not material to the Indictment upon which the defendant was standing trial. BODIES OF 200 AMERICAN SOLDIERS SANTIAGO De CUBA. Feb. 16.—The United States transport McPherson left yesterday for the United States, carry ing the bodies of 200 American soldiers, incldudlng 74 who died of yellow fever last year. At Baracoa and Mayari, on the north coast of the island, the McPherson will take on additional bodies. The Mystery of the Boer Com manders Whereabouts Sug gests a Trick on His Part. IS KIMBERLEY FULLY RELIEVED? LONDON, Feb. 16.—The early jubilation over the ar rival of General French at Kimberley was somewhat tempered later in the day by the fact that the whereabouts of General Cronje with his formidable army are still an entire mystery. The ease with which the force of General French got through to the besieged town gives rise to suspicions that some deep game is afoot on the part of wily Boer commander, and the news of a reverse of some sort would not surprise military men here. It is not known whether General Frenchs line of com munication from Jacobsdal is open or not. If not, his force at Kimberley will be in a very unpleasant position. A report comes from Paris that the whole thing has re sulted merely in falling into a trap. — - — — I GEN. FRENCH AT KIMBERLEY. LONDON, Feb. 16, 9.51 A. M. — The war office an nounces that General French reached Kimberley Thursday evening. Following is Lord Roberts message to the war of fice: JACOBSDAL, Feb. 16, 2 A.M.—French with a force of artillery, cavalry and mounted infantry reached Kimberley this evening, Thursday. London takes the relief of Kimberley very quietly. The news was immediately posted at the Mansion House and the various clubs and hotels, but nowhere did it attract more than ordinary groups. At the war office itself the crowd in the lobbies was STREET VIEW IN KIMBERLEY. I scarcely larger than usual. At the same time there is an im mense feeling of satisfaction and renewed confidence that Lord Roberts plan of campaign is working satisfactorily. ENGLISH EVACUATE RENSBERG. ARUNDEL, Wednesday, Feb. 14. —General Clements withdrew from Rensberg during the night, his rear guard ar riving at Arundel early this morning. The Boers promptly followed, reoccupying their old po sition in the Taaibosch hills, whence they have been shelling the British cavalry patrols, but ineffectually. The British guns returned the fire, making fairly accu rate practice. RESERVE FLEET TO BE COMMISSIONED. LONDON, Feb. 16.—4.52 P.M.—A telegram from Ports mouth says the admiralty inquiries at the naval ports have resulted in the assurance that 47 additional battleships, cruis- (Contlnued on Third Page.) WOMAN LEADS THE CONTEST YAQUI CAPTIVES ARRIVE The Mexicans Will EJu cate Them In Their Cities. M AZIN ALO. Mex., Feb. 16.—Th Mex ican gunboat Oaxaca has arrived here from the mouth of the Guayamas river with 600 Yaqul Indian prisoners on board. They were secured in the battle fought about three weeks ago at Ma zooco bay The prisoners will be taken to Guada lajara and there distributed to various interior cities. They will not be con fined in prisons, but will be kept in sur veillance for a few years until they have become educated in the habits of the Mexican people, when they will be allowed to return to their tribe and im part knowledge to their fellow-tribes men. When the Oaxaca left the Yaqul river the government troops were making good progress toward subjugating tho rebels. General Torres had divided his com mand and the two armies were to ad vance into the Yaqul country from two different points. No official confirmation is obtainable as to the governments losses in the re cent battles, but it is reported that there were over 400 In kiled and wounded. It is claimed that the Taquls lost OO killed, about 300 wounded and 600 capSAY MACRUM MADE NO OFFICIAL REPORT WASHINGTON, Feb. 16,-While stat department officials were averse to dis cussing the published statement of exConsul Macrum, it was authoritatively s.ated that a search of the records failed to show that Mr. Macrum had iver reported to the department that his official mail was being regularly tampered with by tie British authori ties. It was said that he did. in a general way, report that both official and pri vate mail intended for American citizens did not reach him punctually, and asked that protest be mad on account of this rather arbitrary proceeding on the part of the postal authorities. The department investigated the mat ter and learned that no unnecessary dilay existed, and does not credit the statement that any correspondence, offi ial or otherwise, was opened, inspected or delayed by British authorities. TAYLOR ENDORSED. LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Fet. 16.—The Republican state central Bmmittee of Arkansas has called a convention for March 20 in Little Hock to elect dele gates to the national convention In Phil adelphia. A resolution was adopted in dorsing the course of Governor Taylor in Kentucky. THE WEATHER. Heavy Snow Tonight WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.—For Maine,  New Hampshire and Vermont: Cloudy tonight; snow Saturday; westerly shift ing to fresh northeasterly winds. For Massachusetts. Rhode Island, Connecticut and eastern New York: Heavy snow tonight and Saturday; in creasing northeasterly winds. To be born on Christmas Pay is, according to an old superetition. to be lucky all onet life. Kissing under the mistletoe bough was part of a religloua ceremony in the days of tie Drill da. SEE THE PPES of fered bv The Tra? eler for the Mott Popular anion the Sales men and Saleswomen of New England. PRICE ONE CENI2 BUTTER. We tell only the best Hutter the market af fords, direct from our out Creameries, com prising JS of Vermonts choicest. The BEST with us Is the BEST, and when you come to our store wo do not tell you that we have something better at a higher price. For two reasons, first, because there Is nothing BETTER; second, wo do not believe In DECEPTIVE ADVERTISINO. It does not pay. Best Vermont or Elgin a Creamery Butter, 5-lb. I boxes, full weight...  I 10, 20 and 32-lb. tube, per lb 26: ECCS. Strictly fresh, new laid, fancy large Bg(i, 4 doc. case GOc Candled, gnaranterd fresh, 30doe. case.. 14 l-2c CHEESE. Finest Sen York Cream Cheese State Fall . . 1640 per lb LARD. Swifte SllverLeaf Lard Pare Leaf Lard. l-lb. Palls, Noc Pure iMSt Lard. 20-lb. tubs T4C Pure Leaf I-a rd, 50-lb. tuba TUe 10-lb. pallaCotosuet SO  90-lt. tiil. Rest ( ouk'g Lard I.3 60 lb. tube Compound Lard, per lb tlc CRIMES ANO LEMONS. 1 doe. Fancy California Navels 2Oc 1 dos. Fancy Mes!ua lemons 15c DRI-O FRUITS. 6 lbs. New California Evaporated Peaches Sse 6 Iba. New Evaporated Apples hoc 10-lb b ar