NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: March 01, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: bg25fr99n
---
W 85,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST! 'W USE TRAVELER WANTS. THE price of TRAVELER Wants are the lowest; returns are the best Be sure your ad is in SATURDAYS TRAVELER. ONE CENT A WORD. ESTABLISHED 1824.  R  Ts 60,000 c w?t n h e 3,000 MEN We have in the last io days thrown HOY SHOT into Clothing   o- 00 All Our SIO and l2 Suits qo at 500 Nutshell—The Minority Way to the Majority. The Whole Story in a Was Forced to Give DONT MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY. SEE THEM IN OUR WINDOW. THEY TELL A TALE OF REJOICING TO THE PURCHASER. Coni etition. None can give the values that are now offered at our great estab lishment. Just think of it! SIN, 2O and 22 High-Grade Suits and Overcoats at MANKIND ii G HAYHARD place    oea THOUSANDS ON A STRIKE Granite Cutters in Quincy, Concord, N. H Connecti cut Centres and Other Places Quit Work Today. STRIKERS ARE WINNING. QUINCY. March I.—Twenty-five hun dred granite cutters employed In the quarries in this city left their work to day in pursuance of the decision to strike on March 1 if the Manufacturers Association had not, by that time, ac ceded to their demands for an eight hour verk day and a minimum wage of 3 per day. A mass meeting was held at 10 o'clock In St. Mary's hall. More than 500 work men attended, and it was there voted to settle the present difficulty upon the same terms as those adopted by the cutters and manufacturers in Barre, Vt., namely, a wage of 35 cents per hour, with an eight-hour day, provided the manufacturers here accept the terms now ottered. An amendment was after wards added to this proposition, to the effect that the wage should be a min imum wege of 35 cents per hour, and also that they should ba paid weekly as heretofore. A ocmmSttee from the cutters will meet a committee from the manu facturers tonight when this compromise will be presented to tie latter. This meeting will be the most important one of the crisis, and the result will be awaited with interest, as upon it de pends the question of continuing the strike to the end. or whether the men shall return to work tomorrow morning. IN HALLOWELL. HALLOWELL, Me., March I.—George Lord, ons of the local granite manufac turers, who employe about 30 men, made a proposition to his workmen last night, acceding their demand of 3 per day for eight hours' work, but only pending set tlement between the Manufacturers' Association and ths National Union. This was only a verbal agreement pro posed by Mr. Lord, as no articles of writing were signed. Cutters who were employed Feb. 28 will receive a weskly allowance from the National Union of about 3.50 as long as the strike lasts, but not many men in Hallowell will be benefited by such an arrangement, as only 13 man were at work yesterday in the Hallowell Granite Works and the name number in Lord's yards. All oth ers bad been previously discharged. IN BARRE. BARRE, Vt, March L—At a meeting of the granite manufacturers last night, at which about 70 firms were represent ed. tt was voted to accept the com promise of 35 coms an hour as proposed by the cutters mt their meeting held here last night. This action averts a strike of the 1400 or more cutters and Sharpeners, and these men will all go to work today under the new schedule. 'Ehe manufacturers had previously conceded the demand for eight hours a day for six days a week, but refused to pay mire than an average 34 cents an hour, claiming that the condition of budness would not warrant any in crease in those figures. IN CONCORD. CONCORD, N. H March I.—Work is entirely suspended in local granite Shops today. The 400 members in this etty of the Granite Cutters' National Union went on a strike for an eight hour work-day and a 3 minimum wage. There le no weakening manifest on tha part of the men, and the same may be taid of the manufacturers, of whom there ere staout 20. No Large contracts aw held up here by the strike, but there was enough work in sight to keep the men busy. Hopes of a settlement are freely expressed, but there has been no movement in that direction from either side. BOSTON CUTTERS. Poston granite cutters will not be af fected right away by the strike. The Boston branch of the Granite Gutters National Union held Its regular meeting at Building Trades Council headquarters last evening. It was de cided at the meeting that inasmuch as contracts already exist between a com mittee of the union and the employee, which contracts do not expire until May 1. the members of the union should re main at work until the expiration of their agreement with the employees. Boston granite cutters, therefore, will not suspend work, but will continue as if no scale of wages had been presented. On April 1, however, unless the strike in other places had been settled in the meantime, the cutters of Boston will demiand the union schedule. IN CONNECTICUT. NEW HAY EN, Ct., March I.—Reports from the various granite centres in Connecticut announce that work has been suspended in all the quarries and stone yards where members of the Granite Workers Union were em ployed. Yesterday at the great quar ries in Branford, where several hun dred men are employed during the busy season, only two men remained at the close of work last night. 808 CURRY CAUGHT CRIPPLE CREEK, Col., March I.— Bob Curry, alias Bob Lee, alleged to be one of the men who robbed the Union Pacific at Wilcox, Wyo in June, 1899, was arrested here last night. Lewis Curry, another of the robbers, was killed by the officials at Dodson, DEWEY AS GUEST. CHICAGO, March I.— Admiral Dewey will be the guest of honor text May in a grand naval and military ball at the Auditorium. Hobart Chatfield-Tay lor will manage the function. LIFE WEARIES HIM. L. P. Hubbard, 19. attempted suicide in his fathers plumbing shop on Sid ney street. Dorchester, yesterday after noon. For some time Hubbard ha been despondent. Yesterday he told his friends that he intended committing suicide. His father set a watch upon the young man, and Hubbard was dis covered by his brother with the pistol pointed at his head. Hubbard afterward became drowsy, and it was feared he had taken poison. He was sent to the Emergency Hos pital. but recovered later and was re moved to his home. Plaintiff Sustained. The Supteme Court sustained the plaintiff's objections in the case of Max Harriman vs. George F. Jelley, owner of the building 32 Battery street. The suit was to recover damages for in juries received by the plaintiff, who fell down a flight of stairs, which he claimed woa defective. Che Boston (Crawler LAST -     6.30 P. M. I A Blu  FITZGERALD  TO CRONJE. I 4    4 WASHINGTON, March I.—Rep- 4  resentative Fitzgerald of Massa- 4  chusetts yesterday passed around 4 4 among his Democratic colleagues 4 4 the following cable to General 4 4 Cronje, the defeated Boer general. 4 4 Up to J o'clock yesterday about 4 4 30 of them had signed it: 4 4 "General Cronje, Cape Town, 4 4 Africa,—Members of the United 4 4 States House of Representatives 4 4 congratulate you and your sol- 4 4 diers on the magnificent display 4 4 of courage and heroism in your 4 4 brave fight Cor human rights." 4 FALL HEIRS TO 20,000,000 CHICAGO. March L—Mrs. D. B. Ten eyck, 87 North Leavitt strest, received information yesterday that she will re ceive probably one-fifth of an estate valued at more than 120,000,000, left by her uncle, who died 12 years ago in Al bany, N. Y. According to ths story told by Mr. Teneyck, the uncle's name was Rousler Wandell. His relatives had not heard from him in years and had no Idea of his whereabouts or his wealth until some time after his death, whsn the administrators of the estate began to look up the rightful heirs. The old man never married, and left no will. Therefore th; whole fortune fall to the children of his brothers and sisters, five in number. Three of these live in New York and the other two in Chicago. STEEL SHEET TRUST FORMED PITTSBURG, Pa., March L—Further details in the organization of the steel sheet combine have been completed. An exhaustive report on the work accom plished was submitted at a meeting of manufacturers last night. The 55,000,000 which will be in the combination were represented. The concern will be known as the American Sheet Steel Company; capital stock. 52,000,000 divided equally into common and preferred. A charter will be applied for in New Jersey. In a couple of weeks prices on steel sheets have advanced about 4 a ton. MOORE'S TRIAL. SANTIAGO DE CHILI, March 1. via Galveston.—The defense In the case of Frederick T. Moore, formerly assistant teller of the National Bank of Com merce of Boston, will be heard March 3. Moore is charged with the embezzle ment of 50,000. and was arrested at the request of t'he United States minister to Chill. He is opposing extradition to the United States. GENERAL SIR ST EWART WHITE. He Has Heroically Defended Ladysmith, THURSDAY. MARCH I, 800. GENERAL SIR REDVERS BULLER. 44444-444 4 444444 444 4t44444f 4-4CLEVELAND IN STORM'S CRIP CLEVELAND. 0., March I.—A most destructive sleet storm prevailed last night and early today. The streets in every direction were blocked by pros trated telephone poles and trees. The telephone system, except Underground line, was put out of service. Every street car line was tied up. Electric light, trolley and telephone wires were tangled, necessitating the shutting down of circuits in order to permit linesmen to work. The cable roads were also blocked. The line of the telegraph companies were carried down in every direction. MASS. PENSIONS. WASHINGTON, Feb. 29.—The follow ing pension changes, resulting from the issue of Feb. 13, 1900, are announced; Massachusetts — Original, Charles King, Lynn, 6; James F. Page, Somer ville, 6; John Hodgman, Boston, 6. Ad ditional, Iewis Bacon, Malden, 6 to lO. Increase, John Manix, Allston (Boston), 6 to l2. Original widows special acod., Feb. 15, Ellen H. Peck, Dorches ter district. Boston, B. War with Spain (widow's), Elizabeth Hayes, Worcester, 112. FIRE AT CREUSOT LE CREUSOT. France, March I.— Fire broke out yesterday evening in the famous cannon factory here. Two buildings containing gun mate rial and electrical stores, including a number of artillery models, were de stroyed. The losses are estimated at between 800,000 and 1,000 000 francs. RECONCILIATION. NEW YORK, March I.—After 30 years of estrangement, Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, has united with the Church of the Pilgrims in holding Lenten ser vices. The reconciliation that has been ef fected between the churches made fa mous by Henry Ward Beecher and Dr Richard Salter Storrs has aroused the interest of the entire church world. The Church of the Pilgrims is the mother of Plymouth, and for a score f years the parent church and Plymouth lived together in harmony. But thirty years ago Dr. Storrs coulu not agree with some of Mr. Beecher steachings. This divergence of opinion effected a breach which was never healed during the lifetime of Mr. Beecher nor during the pastorate of Dr. Storrs. Dr. Storrs retired from the pulpit recently. The first public effect of the reconcil iation will occur this evening, when Bev. Dr. N. D Hibis of Plymouth Church will speak from the pulpit of the Church of the Pilgrims. THE WEATHER. Hnln end Snow, Colder. WASHINGTON. March 1.-Fo" New England—Snow in nerth. rain, turning to snow and colder in south portion to night; Friday fair, except snow on the north coast: northerly to northwesterly gales tonight and Friday. For eastern New York—Snow in north, rain, turning to snow in south portion tonight, followed by clearing and much colder Friday; Friday fair; northwest erly gales tonight, continuing Friday morn 1 ng. All Cic: Brass li Made of Solid, Seamless Brass Tub ing, Cast Brass Mounts aud T Balls. It will pay you to look at it. Morris, Murch 38; Butler, 42 SUMMER STREET. Bedding 2nd Chamber Furniture Lord Dundonaid Reaches the Bclcagurcd Town With Two Regiments-Reports the Country Clear of Boers. Buller Reaches Nd thorpe, Less Than 10 Miles Away. THE BRITISH ENTER COLESBERC Boers in Full Retreat to the North—Reported South west of RobertsArmy at Paardeberg. LONDON, March I- —9.52 A.M. —The war office has re ceived the following despatch from General Buller: Lyttleton's Headquarters, March 1. —9.05 Morning.— General Dundonakl, with the Natal Carbineers and a compo site regiment, entered Ladysmith last night. The country between me and Ladysmith is reported clear of the enemy. lam moving on Nelthorpe. (Nelthorpe is about ten miles from Ladysmith, on the rail road.) Despite cheerful heliographs from the place, the be leaguered garrison was in dire straits. The garrison was not only short of food, hut the water on which they depended was poisoned. A few spots sheltered from the bombardment were speedily polluted and those who escaped fever or dystentery were in wretched physical condition. For a long time the garrison has subsisted on horse and mule flesh. Luxuries were beyond the means of the majority; eggs were 9 a dozen; a can of milk cost 2: tobacco was 25 a pound and a case of whiskey was raftled off for 7OO. The number of men within the lines at Ladysmith were reported the early part of February to be 17,000, of whom 4000 were civilians and 800 natives. Ladysmith has been be sieged almost four months. COLESBERG IN B3ITISH HANDS. RENSBERG, Feb. 28.—General Clements, escorted by a squadron of Tnniskillings, entered Colesberg this morning and received an enthusiastic reception. The Boers are in full retreat. A number of the leading men have been arrested. 'I he in habitants are well and not starving. They have suffered many indignities at the hands of the Boers, but no violence. BOERS SOUTHWEST OF ROBERTS. PAARDEBERG, Feb. 28. —Evening.—The Boers are re (Coutiuued on Third Page.) TRAVELER WANTS . . . PAY BEST One cent a word is the price of Traveler wants They always pay the best. LORD DUNDONALD, The Brave Cavalry Leader Who Wal the First to Reaxih Ladysmith. Jolly Boer Prisoners. LONDON, March I—" With such do termined enemies," says a special cor respondent telegraphing from Paarde berg under date of Feb. 2T, one would suppose tliat the Beers would have de stroyed their guns, small arms and am munition before surrendering. The only thing injured, however, was a VickersMaxim piece, which had been hit by a British shell. A British officer and nine British sol diers, who were prisoners, had been provided with deep holes by the Boers and kindly treated. The Boers inquired anxiously whether Bloemfontein was In possession of the British. When the order came for the Boer prisoners to cross the river to the Brit ish camp they took all that they could carry of such things as pots, pans an blankets, throwing their rifles in tw4 heaps that gradually Increased to huge proportions. As the ford had been swollen by a heavy rain the Boers took off their trou sers and waded across. The scene looked like play rather than war The men laughed and splashed each other in the water, out among them were some gri