NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 19, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: bg25fr98c
---
W HOW FRIENDS OF THE CONTESTANTS ARE WORKING TO SECURE VOTES! - " ——   - ROOMS LET QUICKLY. A TRAVELER Rooms To Let Advertise ment will let rooms quickly. Finest medium in New England : : : : : 2 LINES 3 DAYS 30 CENTS. ESTABLISHED 1824. See the Values In Our Windows They Are Silent Salesmen. cl Foa all J WASHfKnHif 0 HMUU fLACS. Every Suitor Iver cos' Purchased During This SiJ' guaranteed. . Mb  414 ST5  Jra talk. p From my back to yours will be a byword in  Clothing History of this city (introduced by the X Famous). It means exactly what it implies — Pure S Merino Wool direct from the sheep to the mills, from X the mills direct to the manufacturer, and finally on X your own back, X Made up in the latest styles and fashions for i 1 0.00 B The Suits and Overcoats in this sale will surely be remembered. They w are absolutely l5, 8,  2O and 22 values. J SNOW SPECIAL.  We have put 200 lB-2O ULSTERS in nn  in this sale; all go at I UiUU nte JAK i JSi9 COMMON  SENSE 8 SIX BLOCKS ARE BURNED XNTJJELD, Feb. 19.—Six business locks in the centre of the town were destroyed by fire this morning, and the loss will probably reach 30,000. A num i her of stores and seven families were burned out. The Swift River Hotel was barely saved. The same district was burned ut in 1896. YELLOwTeVER ON COFFEE SHIP NEW YORK, Feb. 19.—The steamer Taormina, which arrived this morning !rom Santos with 34,100 bags of coffee, had one death from yellow fever during the voyage. On February 12, R. F. Fhillipsen. a fireman, died of the fever and was buried at sea. Another fireman named Rudolph Schmidt, who is suffering with yellow fever, has been removed to Swinburne Island for treatment. The vessels cargo will be discharged into lighters and held sobject to action by the health author ities. VENEZUELA IS QUIET CARACAS. Venezuela, Feb. 19, (via Haytlen cable)—The government and press protest against reports published in the United States, asserting that a new revolution has broken out In t ene guela. An indignation meeting was held here yesterday.  EVERYTHING TO FURNISH A J t HOME ON EASY TERMS.  Seven hundred miles of railway lines have been laid In the Soudan during the lat three years. . :holmes,iuce38;co. Y (Suocessors to C. H. ROBIH3ON 38; 0),), j 140 Washington SL C X.  . 5  FOR FEBRUARY ONLY. J iPARLOR SUITES: i fw down  0 I U U Per Week  UNTIL PAID.  A Other Goods on Same Easy Terms Y for This Month Only. A MAKJCV the mare go. and when ju Vl Isi T dlciousiy expended for our nag  LZ Ef O good, makes a pleasant, IvIAlVEd baipy hoiuv. bayltate CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 to 72 Hanover Street. OSSIAN LOST WITH CREW LONDON, Feb. 19.—The three-masted steamer which foundered Feb. 14, near Land's End, during a severe gale, has been identified as the British steamer Oesian, bound from Leith for Seville. It Is assumed that all on board per ished. partridge CREDITORS It has been stated that the credito s of Horace Partridge 38; Co. will receive 30 cents on the dollar. Lawyer William H. Preble, the assignee, told THE TRAVELER man today that he did not know himself how the affairs of Horace Partridge 38; Company would shape themselves. "I will not know for a day or .wo, said Mr. Preble, how the affairs of the Partridge con cern are coming out. ROLAND REED MAY RECOVER NEW YORK, Feb. 19.—Roland ReeJ, the actor, who has been ill in St. Lukes Hospital for some time, was reported as somewhat improved last night. The at tending physicians now believe he has a chance to recover. thTweather. Fair and Warmer. WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.—For New England: Fair tonight; Tuesday warm er and partly cloudy; diminishing west erly winds. ISLAND HUNTING. —Cleveland Plain Deale IGoolon traveler. LAST 630 P 7VV BULLER PUSHES AHEAD FOUND IN NEW YORK. ANNIE WINIFRED ALDEN. Mina Alden Says She Waa Married to W. F. M. Kidron t—Pair Arreated and Arraigned in Brooklyn Police Court. NEW YORK, Feb. 19.—Annie Wini fred Alden of Malden, Maas., and W. F, M. Rideout, also of Malden, were ar raigned in the Adams street police court today. Rideout is charged with abduction. Miss Alden disappeared from her home Feb. 6. About the same time the dis appearance of Rideout, a shipkeeper, was reported. The girl's family at first feared she had been murdered, but a report was received that she had been seen in New York. The pair were arrested at 525 WashSHIPPING SUFFERS ON SPAINS COAST SANTANDER. Spain. Feb. 19.—Gales are causing a number of shipping dis asters on the north coast of Spain. Three small vessels have bsen wrecked Cut Much Ice ? But whether much or little, be sure you use Tools manufactured by Wm. T. Wood 38; 00.. whose goods are the world's standard for excellence. We are their N. K. agents, and curry a full line of Ice Harvesting machinery at factory prices. Inquire, please, for ice Tool Catalogue. BRECKS, No. 51 North Market St., Boston. MONDAY. FEBRUARY 19. 1900. Ington street, Brooklyn, yesterday. The girl's aged father came here Sat urday, and all day through the blinding snowetorm he searched foi her without success, and finally appealed to the po lice. The girl wm defiant when arrested, and said she had been married on Sat urday by a minister in Jersey City. This, if true, makes Rideout amenable to a charge of bigamy, as well as ab duction, the charge on which he was arrested. The pair were locked uo In the Adams street police station. near here and 24 seamen drowned. Eight other. vessels are missing. Two coasting ships with crews totalling 48 men are reported to have foundered. RUNAWAY ACCIDENT H. H. Bartsch, a teamster of Waver ley, was seriously injured by a runaway horse In front of 306 Boylston street, about 7 o'clock this morning. Mr. Bartsch was unloading some plants from his wagon when a horse attached to a "Deerfoot Farm milk wagon took fright at a flying signboard ana started on a mad run. In attempting to stop the runaway Bartsch was knocked down and injured in the hip and right temple. He was taken to the City Hospital. When a chameleon Vizard is blindfold ed it loses all power of changing its color. CAULKED DOOR WITH SHEET Then Welch, or Williams, Turned on the Gas But Is Still Alive, A man who registered as John Welch, but who is thought to be Charles Wil liams. an employee of the New England Lobster Company, attempted to commit suicide by gas in the Grand View Hotel, at the corner of India street and At lantic avenue, early this morning. That the man sought to kill himself is borne out by the fact that the door was locked and every erack in the room even to the keyhole was stopped with torn pieces of his bed sheet. The man would h?ve accomplished his purpose had It not been lor the night clerk, who smelled gas and traced the odor to Welchs room. The gas was turned on in full force. The unconscious man was taken to the City Hospital. He will recover. No reason can be assigned for the act. SPRING STYLES Our Leader IN SUITS. Ladles beautiful tallor fl made J- Sult, ( like cut, 'I, excel  lently f tailored, of  ex. high j quality pebble cheviot. In black or blue. jacket extreme ly stylish, French out. abort, tight fitting, alngle breasted front or box fly front, lined throughout with taffeta silk. Skirts made with the latest flare bottom, with single or double box plaited back, strapped and stitched seams, lined with ex. fine auality percaline and finished with a eep velvet facing. This suit should be examined by you before purchas ing your Spring suit, as It Is actu ally worth 22.50. As a leader, 16.00 THOS. OCALLAGHAN 38; CO. 559-566 WASHINGTON ST., Opp, Adam Hous. He Turns the Flank of the Boers at Monte Christo and Captures Several Camps. DORDRECHT TAKEN BY ENGLISH LONDON, Feb. 19 (3 20 P.M.). —The war office has re ceived the following despatch from General Buller: CHIEVELEY CAMP, Feb. 19. —I yesterday moved around the enemys flank. The Queens, who had bivouacked on the northern slope of Cingolo, crossed the Nek and, sup ported by the rest of the second brigade, under Hildyard, as saulted and took the southern end of Monte Christo. The fourth brigade, on the left, or western slope, and the Welsh Fusiliers, supported by the rest of the sixth bri gade, assaulted the eastern flank of the enemys position, whiie the second brigade cavalry, on the extreme right, watched the eastern slopes of Monte Christo and drove back those of the enemy attempting to escape therefrom our artil lery fire. Assaulted by heavy artillery fire on their front and flank and attacked on their flank and rear, the enemy made but slight resistance, and, abandoning their strong position, were driven across the Tugela. I have taken several camps, a wagon load of ammuni tion, several wagons of stores and supplies and a few pris oners. The weather has been intensely hot and the ground traversed was exceedingly difficult. But the energy and dash of the troops have been very pleasant to see. They have all done splendidly. The work of the irregular cavalry, the Queens, the Scots Fusiliers and the rifle brigade were perhaps most noticeable, while the excellent practice of the artillery and naval guns and the steadiness of the gunners under, at times, very accu rate fire, was remarkable. The accurate fire of the naval guns from Chieveley was of great assistance. Our casualties are not, I think, many. BRABANTS HORSE IN DORDRECHT. STREKSTROOM CAMP, Sunday, Feb. 18—The Boers are retiring and General Brabants forces are now entering Dordrecht. CRONJE OUTWITTED ROBERTS. LONDON, Feb. 19.—The correspondent of the Times at Modder river wir ing Saturday says: "General Cronjes army of 10.000 men. with a thousand wagons, is in full retreat toward Bloemfontein, hotly pursued by General Kelly-Kenny. It will probably be a rear guard fight all ths way to Bloemfontein. Our cavalry has already returned from Kimberley to join in the pursuit. Rumors have been in circulation at the clubs and elsewhere in London —— (Continued on_Third Pnge.) DO NOT DIE, SAYS TYNER NEW YORK. Feb. 19.—1 n a lecture before the Metaphysical Alliance of New York, Paul Tyner declared tke day to be not far distant when man would be able to prolong his life indefinitely and at the same time retain all the vigor of youth. Mr. Tyner referred to the experiments of Prof Metchnikoff of the Pasteur In stitute, in the use of serum of animals to prolong life, and said the professor had already begun to demonstrate Its powers. In suggesting practical means for at taining this state of mind, Mr. Tyner said: , . .. "Sit in the sunshine, walk in it, bathe in it. In summer let our naked bodies reflect and be reflected in the sun, bar ing It to the open air, by the brookside or seashore, or in a wooded glade. In winter let us spend much time in a so larium on top of the house. It we have no solaria at home and cannot aflord to build one, let us club together and build. When we must wear clothing let it be loose and Uebx  rt WINDOW SHADES! READY. We are ready with our color studies for por tieres and draperies. Here is one arrangement: Ivory woodwork with soft-rose draperies at the windows; nila green portieres; and for laces a private pattern of real French Battenberg, specially mad for us. for the drawing-room we have a fine silk damask in solid shades of deep rose, rich red and dark green. It makes a very striking win dow drapery. A few novelties for Spring have arrived— come linen-colored Cluny curtains for libraries ; refined patterns in Point Duchess for living rooms; dainty Snow Flakes and Battenbergr for Bedrooms. New line of colors for Spring. Paine Furniture Co., Draperlea eaxiCt Furniture, 48 CANAL STREKT. WOMAN LEADS THE CONTEST l POISON IN THE TEAPOT A Villainous Attempt Against a Lynn Family TRIEDTOBURN HOUSE LYNN, Feb. 19.—The police today gav out details of an atrocious and bungling attempt to poison an entire family, made during the past week. Joseph T. Calvert, Jr., his wife and baby and hla sister-in-law live at 67 Hanover street. On Thursday last Mrs. Calvert at tended the theatre in the afternooa with her sister and the baby. On re turning she detected the odor of car bolic acid. Investigation showed that the poison had been poured into a teaoot which Mrs. Calvert had left on the back of the kitchen range, full of water, to be heated during her absence. The tea pot had been removed to the front of the stove, and the contents boiling, the carbolic acid therein was detected. The next morning Mr. Calvert found that a trunk in his sleeping room had been opened, and 155, which was hidden under some clothing in the trunk, was missing. The matter was then reported to the police, and the teapot with the deadly mixture given to the city mar shal. January 15 an attempt was made te burn the Calvert house by overturning a lighted lamp in the evening while ths family was visiting. The police have been unable to find any clew to ths identity of the person who attempted the crime. The directors of the Irish Emigrant Girls' Home, New York city, have sent out an appeal to the Irish race in Amer ica to help pay the expenses of running this noteworthy charity, which has done so much to aid the Irish. SEE THE PRIZES of fered by The Trav eler for the Most Popular among the Sales men and Saleswomen of New England. RICE ONE CENI2 HUNDREDS HAPPY. Boston Seems Mystified at Wonderful Resuits of the Good Luck Box. Dozens Make Rich Financial Strikes— Scores Secure Paying Positions. No One Knows Why—Still the Box Continues to Impart Good Fortune. 7 '! think Mr. Henry 7 Parker has done more 2 for ths people of BosJ ton and New England i than any other person, i because he has placed I within their reach an  article which has given  both financial and phys1 1 leal aid to many poor I, unfortunate people, to I! whom such relief Is a L godsend. — Helen I Whitcomb. HENRY PARKER. Never before has anything been done In Boston to so thoroughly arouse the people as the Introduction of the Three-Star Ring Cood Luck Box, and It Is not to be wondered at, when people—well known, respectable people—our friends whom we know and whose truthfulness we never question—go to Parker, 26 Bromfield street, and purchase one of those boxes for 99 cents, then go out and make money hand over fist In speculation, receive unexpected bequests, secure good, lucrative positions after being idle for months—and In Innumerable ways see that a wonderful change in their life has taken place. A very close record has been kept of all boxes issued, and as yet Mr. Parker has to receive the first proof that a box has not brought good fortune -truly a wonderful record. Some Doubt Lack. Thore are some ;eople who question snob a thing as luck -either good or bad. These people never believe In auythlug they cannot 80 and feel; such people generally deny the existence of our God, but do not profess to advance any reason as to what causes rhe clouds, Hie rain, sun, stars or nature. Just as the stars exist, a power which makes people fortunate or unfortunate exists. Some people are lucky from their birth, others the opposit