NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 18, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: bk12gm710
---
TRIP-TO-PARIS VOTING CONTEST EXCITING WIDESPREAD INTEREST - SEE PAGE 2. TSS If ho I Your Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choice a trip to Paris free. Coupon on page X I Grand  Voting I Contest  ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. GREAT BARGAINS FOR ODD LOT DAY. CLOAK. DEPT. RAINY DAY SKIRTS. Handsome Skirts, in blue hair-line stripe,also brown cheviots, very heavy, with 12 rows stitching around bottom, worth 5.00 each. This sale, 2.98 Skirts in all-wool, double - faced brown, blue and gray goads, with 12 rows stitching, worth 7.50 each. Friday, only 4.98 I Lot Wrappers, (like cut), in large assortment of pat terns, capes over shoulders, and nicely trimmed with braid, actu ally worth Ji.25 each. Sale price, 59c UNDERWEAR AND HOSIERY. One lot Childrens Hose, fine and corduroy ribbed, double soles and heels, fast black, our 10c. Ef quality. For Friday, per pr wv One lot Ladies Hose, fancy boot patterns, in plain and dropstitch, all shades, fast colors, regular price 25c. This sale, per 15c One lot of Boys Jersey Ribbed Drawers, in tan and new blue, fleece lined, regular 25c. I I quality. For Friday only I I v YAQUIS APPEAL TOAMERICA CHICAGO, Jan. 18.—A special to the Record from El Paso, Tex., says: The Indians of Senora, the only race in all Mexico that was able to survive the Spanish invasion and preserve its individuality, are making their last stand against the Mexican government. Thus far it seems the Mexican soldiers have been found inadequate to cope with the Yaquis. A proclamation has been issued by the ruler of the Yaqul nation, addressed "To the American people, and is in part a follows: "The Yaqul nation nas begun Its struggle for independence. It will no longer tolerate the Mexican army in Senora. The nation has established a provisional government, the officers of which are at Babispe. In the event of the success of the Yaqul people over the Mexicans, no foreigners except na tive-born Americans will be allowed in Senora for several years. The prop erty and persons of Americans in Se nora will be protected by the Yaquis in every way. Lunch at the Elmwood. One of the most popular of Boston's down-town restaurants is the Elmwood Tavern, Avery street, where a 25-cent table d'hote lunch is served for 25 cents between 11 A.M. and 3 P.M. Also a full course dinner for 50 cents, in the main dining room between noon and 9 P.M. Caddy—Have you played much golf yet? Links—Oh, dear, no! I expect to be ready to play in another year. This season I am giving to a study of the names of the things you use in 'the game. PULMONINE. 85 ct. per Bottle. Your druggist has it. Nothing like it FOR COUCHS AND COLDS. lanlB 2t SOLD OUT TO RAYMOND YESTERDAY. La Mode Cloak Company of Providence, R. I. Thousands of Ladies Latest Style and Expensive Garments, Skirts, Etc. The Most Startling Bargains Ever Seen in America. All on Sale Tomorrow Morning at Eight oclock.  THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE, 352-4-6 Washington Street, 3 I -33-35 Hawley Street, Boston. SHOE DEPARTMENT. An Overstock of Fine High Grade Ladies Juliettes and Slippers, I To be offered on Friday at the fellowing. Unheard Of Low Price. ONLY 69c PAIR. DESCRIPTION—LadIe Fur-Trimmed Ju liettes in red. brown and black, made of best quallta felts and quilted satins; also felt slippers with fancy cord trim mings. all made with band turned soles, hare alwars been sold by us up to thia date, at from l.OO to 1 5  pair, marked down for this sale to only, per pair, GHc. LINEN DEPT. 58-inch Bleached Satin Table Dam ask, extra good value, special for Friday at, per 25c 8-4 'i able Cloths, with border all around, regular price Ji ea. For Friday only, ea.  O v One lot All-Linen Bleached Crash, regular price ioc. Friday "j All-Linen Fringed Napkins, regu lar pt ice 75c. dozen. Fri day only, each w v BOYS CLOTHI NG. 75c. Camel Hair TamoShanters, 49C 2.00 Boys Reefers 1.49 J 4.00 Boys Reefers and Over coats 2.98 IN OUR BASEMENT. 25c. Snow Shovel, for Fri day, only . .. 1 lot Tin Grocery Boxes, hold one bag flour or 50 lb. sugar. O For Friday, each w  v 1 lot 12-qt. Enamel Chamber Pails, regular value 89c. each. EQp For Friday, only OJv DRISCOLL DID NOT APPEAR Capias Issued for Somer ville Man Charged With Larceny. Denis F. Driscoll was defaulted in the Somerville police court today. He was arrested some time ago with John A. McDonald, charged with the larceny of 4700 worth of copper wire from the Som erville Electric Light. Company. Their cases were continued until today, McDonald being held in 1200 and Driscoll in 11000. Both were admitted to bail. Pat rick McCarthy and William Sisk going Driscoll's bail. McDonald was in court today, but Captain Perry for the government asked for a continuance of one week to see if Driscoll could be located, which was granted. A capias was Issued for his arrest. THE WEATHER. Rnin; Easterly Winds. WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.—For Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont: Warmer and snow tonight, probably turning to rain Friday; brisk southeasterly winds. For Massachusetts: Rain tonight, ex cepting snow turning to rain, with cold er in norrheast portion; rain Friday; brisk easterly winds. For Rhode Island and Connecticut: Rain tonight and Friday; fresh to brisk easterly winds, becoming southerly. Registered in Philadelphia. PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Jan. 16.-Promlnent people registered at Hotel Lafayette today from Boston, include: C. W. Schmmick, G. A. Swan, Joseph Liddell, J. B. Whitney, C. A. Pepper, F. D. Briggs, J. R. Judson, H. R. Holden, W. B. Plumer, J. R. Andrews, C. A. Clark and wife, W. Panndee, A. N. White. W H3ojston (Trawler. BONI LOSES HEAVILY Report That He Drops 600,000 In Stocks PARIS. Jan. 18.—The Matin today says it is rumored on the Bourse that Count Boni de Castellane. husband of Anna Gould, has lost three million francs by unlucky speculations. Y. M. C. U. Concert. An attractive concert was given at the Young Men's Christian Union last night by Miss Winifred F. Temple, con tralto; Mr. Carl Scranton, comedian; Miss Georgie Chapman cornetlst; Miss Fannie Fish, whistler; Mr. Frank T. Basic, comedy musical artist; Miss Edith Marshall, character singer, and the Misses Gertrude and Ethelyn Mar shall, xylophone. HIS SWIM INTERRUPTED Jersey Man Missed Ferry And Was Proceeding Via Water When Hauled Out. NEW YORK. Jan. 18.—James A. Coul ter, a commission merchant of Newark, N. J., was picked up by a tug in the North River, last night, about an eighth of  mile from shore. He had not asked to be taken from the water, but was bravely swimming toward the Jer sey shore. Mr. Coulter said he had missed the ferry-boat, and deciding not to wait for the next boat, determined to swim across. He declared he would have made the trip all right if let alone. The police locked him up to dry off. CO-OPERATIVE PLAN AMASSED lOO,OOO NEW YORK. Jan. 18.—On the testi mony taken in the contest over the will of Robert Wilson of Brooklyn, it came out that Mr. Wilson and his brothers and sisters lived together on the co-op erative plan for half a century, and jointly amassed a fortune of about 4100,000. About 1850, on the death of his last parent, Robert called a family council, at which it was agreed by him, his brother John, and his sisters Jane, Charlotte and Margaret, that they should all go to work, make a "family fund of their earnings and live to gether. BOUTELLE ALL RIGHT The Congreimiiaii 1. Rapidly Im proving—Hi. Mind Was Not Affected. THE TRAVELER desires to correct a statement which appeared in the issue of January 10, underneath a portrait of Congressman Charles A. Boutelle. It was then stated that the congressman would never recover his mental vigor. Later news showed that his illness was not'so severe as at first reported and that his well-known mental powers re mained unimpaired. The portrait and statement thereunder, while possibly justified bv the nature of the congress man's illness as then reported, was, by some accident, printed some days after it had been ascertained that there was no truth in the statement that Mr. Boutelle's mind had been affected by his illness, THE TRAVELER regrets the error and apologizes therefor. Our read ers will learn with pleasure that the statement more or less circulated as to the congressman's mental condition had no foundation in fact. Will Present Original Play. "The Sblddacb, or, the Matchmakers. a new production, will be presented tonight at Copley Hall by the Utopian Club of the South End. The play was written by a mem ber, Myer Goldman, and is expected to be a great success. Among the artists who will appear are Sam Robinson. Lew Goldman, Henry Mvers. Ed Goldman, Lew Hamllburg. Rose Greenwald. Ollie Abrams, Estella Dann, Annie Spinoza and Rose Grlshaver. THURSDAY. JANUARY 18, 1900. ALGER—Do my eyes deceive me, or is my old friend Gage coming this way? -New York World . TO KEEP UP PRICE OF VEGETABLES Provision Dealers Propose to Have Peddlers Restricted from Buying of Producers. THEY PETITION THE LEGISLATURE An act to restrict the peddling o! vegetables and to place the vegetable market in the hands of the provision dealers, whereby they can maintain high prices, is the object of the peti tion of certain Worcester, Springfield and Boston gentlemen, heard by the Joint Judiciary Committee yesterday. The bill is to amend the law so as to prevent selling goods from railway cars, except by a license. It was stat ed by the petitioners that many cars loaded with potatoes, onions, cabbages and other vegetables were shipped to Worcester, Springfield and Boston, and the contents sold to small dealers, ped dlers and sometimes direct to consu mers. from the cars, at prices less than the dealers trust had established for the public to pay. It was also stated that the peddlers bought their goods direct from the cars, and if this was prohibited their business would cease, because the "reg DUNHAMS BODY TAKEN TO NANTUCKET The body of Herbert M. Dunham of the sliip news department of the Bos ton Transcript, who was killed Monday morning on the tracks of the Boston 38; Maine railroad, near Winter Hill, was taken this morning to Nantucket for furlal. Frivte services were held at his late residence, at the corner of Medford and Walnut streets, Rev. Edward Samp son Tead of Prospect Hill Congrega tional Church officiating. BURIED IN WOODLAWN The funeral of George R. Iewis was held today from the residence of his son-in-law, Charles F. Searles, 13 Bald win street, Charlestown. Rev. R. F. Holway. pastor of the Trinity Church, officiated. Mr. Lewis was a member of the Massachusetts Lodge, K. of P., and a delegation from that body attended the services. The remains were taken to Woodlawn for burial. Mr. Lewis was for many years engaged in the grocery business in Dover street. Freight Handler Injured. John Murphy. 38. of 271 Fourth street, South Boston, employed as a freight handler by the N. Y., N. H. 38; H. rail road, fell last night while pulling a truck, fracturing his right leg. Emer gency Hospital. ular dealers would decline to supply them at less than the retail price. The hearing was not advertised, and no one was present to object. It is very evident that if the ped dlers, small dealers and the public who get these goods cheaper from them, had known of this hearing a very em phatic protest would have been made. The hearing was closed, but it seems probable that If there is a demand to have it reopened it will be done. If the bill should be passed, its ef fect on the peddlers of Boston and Cambridge and those who buy of them would be great. After the hearing was closed It was earned that the committee voted to lay the matter on the table, because Sen ator Washburne of Worcester, who is the chairman of the committee, was not present. As all the witnesses heard came from Worcester, it may be that the commit tee will pay much attention to his ad vice. CURTAIN CAUGHT FIRE A curtain in the Parker House, which caught fire at 12.30 today, was the cause of the alarm which brought about a dozen pieces of fire apparatus to the corner of School and Tremont streets. The alarm was unnecessary, as the fire was extinguished by Clerk Myers be fore the arrival of the department. The blaze was in the bar room. It was caused by some careless person throw ing away a lighted natch. The damage was about l5. MRS. BRIGHAMBURIED Funeral services ever the remains of Mrs. Alrr.ora Elizabeth Brigham, mother of William Brigham of the Boston Tran script. were held this afternoon at her late residence. 4 Hillside avenue, Somer ville. at 3 o'clock. Rev. R. W. Wallace, pastor of the Franklin-Street Congrega tional Church, of which Mrs. Brigham was a member, officiated. Burial was in Cavendish. Civil Service Exsminationa. The United States Civil Service Com mission announces examinations as fol lows: Feb. 15—Library clerk, division of for estry, Department of Agriculture. Sal ary, 9OO per annum. Feb. 15-16—Assistant and expert in for estry history, Department of Agricul ture. Salary, lOOO per annum. LAST   6.30 P. M. RIH  FR ATTACKS? RUSSIAN IRONCLAD ASHORE ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 18.-The Rus sian ironclad Poltava, of 10,960 tons, Is dangerously ashore near Libau, on the Baltic. chamber! aIF BRAISES AMERICA BIRMINGHAM, Jan. 18.-Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, the secretary of state for the colonies, presiding today at a meet ing in the Mason University College here, referred to a variety of subjects, but carefully avoided the war. Ho em phasized the necessity of specialized training, and referring to the deputation which recently visited the universities and colleges of the United States and Canada he said the deputation found all classes of the community there en thusiastic In the support of education, which, he added, was lacking in Great Britain. . , Continuing. Mr. Chamberlain remarked that there was no doubt England had much to learn from America, and unless she learned It quickly she was bound to fall behind in commerce. clothes-line Thief SAID TO BEA WOMAN The residents of Somervills are thor oughly annoyed over the numerous thefta from their clothes-lines. Within a week several thefts of this kind havs been reported by residents in Burnside avenue. Green and Flint streets. Last night Michael Elston of Preston street reported that his clothes line had been stripped of valuable lln?n. It is the opinion of the police that it is the work of a woman. WEBBER HELD UP BY THREE MEN A bold attempt at robbery was made by three unknown men last evening, two of whom are described as being 5 feet 8 inches tall, dark complexion, with curly hair, the other being 5 feet 5 Inches, and both wearing dark over coats and derby hats. The three men held up William Webber of 13 Pem broke street at 10.30 P.M. on Shawmut avenue, near Newton street. Webber put up a game fight, and ap proaching pedestrians scared the rob bers away. TRYING TO MEND BROKEN SPINES NEW YORK. Jan. 18.-Physlci.ins are much interested in the cases of Thomas Cragen and William Casey, patients at Fordham Hospital. Cragens