NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 01, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: cn69tf29b
---
Advertise Your Wants LARGE RETURNS ARE ASSURED. I ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. SENSATIONAL CLOTHING SALE. The Opportunity of a Lifetime to Buyers of Mens Clothing ON THIRD FLOOR. A manufacturer of fine clothing, overloaded with goods and in urgent need of money, c osed out to us his entire stock at ail extraordinary low price for spot cash. It will be the first time Of our selling MENS CLOTHING, and it will te a record breaker in every sense, and one of the kind not soon forgotten, for Commeicing MONDAY, and continuing while the lots last, We shall offer strictly reliable Mens Clothing, guaranteed by the maker and by ourselves, at Lower Prices Than Ever Before Heard Of, The Stock Won't Last Long. Come Early While Sizes Are full.  Small lot Mens All- Wool Sack Suits, manufac tured from gray and brown mixed cheviots, good patterns, well made and trimmed, sizes 34 to 44, usually retailed at 6.50, your choice at this sale for only, each, 3.98 Only 1 Suit to a customer. No mall orders. I lot Mens All Wool Snits, in sev eral diiferent patterns, well made and perfect fitting, correct in very way, usually retailed at from 7.50 to B.OO, our Qft price only, each  , p "".! h : 6.66 different fabrics. Sults, worth lB.OO to 22.00, marked at 10.98 to 12.98 Large lot Mens Fine High Grado Suits, worth from l6 Q An to lB, going at Zz s lz O Mens Sults, in fancy and plain black worsteds,vicunasand Scotch mixtures, single and double-breast ed sack and frock styles, single and double-breasted vests, worth 14.00 and 15.00, all Q Q O marked at, each, only OiZ O Large lot Mens Suits, in several ' patterns of all-wool stylishly made and trimmed, worth from 9.5 to 10.50, all marked at the uniform Small lot Mens Blue and Black Beaver and Sty lish Covert Cloth Over coats. good weight and fast color, eic llent ly mde and trimmed, man 1factured thiss a son and correct in every way, usua .y sold at from 7.50 to B.OO, out price. -3,95 Ouly l overcoat to a customer. No mull orders. i lot Mens Covert Cloth Over coats. usually retaile lat 9.00, :b... p  c ... 4.98 Mens Overcoats, very atvlish, hands me and dressy, r gularly sold at lO.OO, our c Q Q price, only, each OatzO 1 lot o the popular Mens Oxford Free Overcoats, stylishly made ai.d tri rimed, handsome  lai 1 cloth 1 ing, regularly retailed at from ll.OO to 11.50, z QQ our price cnly UiUo Large lot Mens Frieze Overcoats, in brown, black and Oxford, etc., elegantly made and trimmed, handsomely finished, usually sold at from 12.00 tosi4.oo,  7 7 choice of each     Large lot Mens Very Fine Over coats, in this seasons newest materials, with satin or lasting linings, superb garments in every respect, worth and not sold else where for less than l6, q q q our price only, each... ObZzO Other Great Bargains I H n Q up to I tz O Large lot Mens Ulsters, at, from 5.98 to 7.77 KILEY SEIZES THE CHAIR 29 Members of the Common Coun cil Vote for Him After a Re publican Declares Ad journment. DECLARES HIMSELF PRESIDENT Daniel J. Kiley, president of the Com mon Council for 1899, has declared him elf elected president for the year 1900. It all come about through his being bold enough to seize the chair, after a temporary Republican presiding officer had declared the meeting adjourned. Mayor Hart had hardly left the Com mon Council chamber after reading his inaugural message when the trouble commei ced. It had been breeding dur ing the session. Chairman Kinney of Ward 10 called for order. The echo from the rap of his gavel had hardly died away when at least seven members arose In their seat demanding recognition from the chair. Again Chairman Kinney rapped for order, and again came wild clamor for recognition. Finally Councilman Mansfield of Ward 10 was recognized. "I move to ad journ. he cried. "Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman! came from a dozen throats. Chairman Kinney declared the motion carried. This was the signal for the Republican section of the body. Out they went, followed by 4 few members of the Democratic scctibn. Councilman Daniel J. Kiley of Ward 8 was on his feet in an instant. With one bound he was in the presiding of ficer's chair and gave several ferocious raps with the gavel for order. The Council will be in order! shout ed Kiley. This was a signal for the galleries. and the body burst into a tu mult of applause. Kiley directed the clerk to call the roll. At its conclusion he declared a quorum present. Several meiaoers then sought to address the chair, including (Continued on Fifth Page.) ye a iI V S a W Boston traveler HART OUTLINES JUS POLICY Promises Non-Interference Of Legislature, Advocates New City Hall, Approves Quincys Unpaid Bonds, Talks of Pensions for City Employees. MAYOR THOMAS NORTON KART. He Advorates More Home Rule for Boston uud Favor Municipal j Pensions, Mayor Hart congratulate the City Council upon the increase of its power in the matter of appropriations and cautions it to he careful. Council should Join in the effort to consolidate the city charter by the appointment of a committee on codification. The tate glad to aid the cause of municipal home rule. City should take active interest in and give hearty support to the national government in the proposed improvements of Boston harbor, including docks and bridges. Business streets should be put in the best condition. Traffic shonld be facilitated both by systematising street car service and regulating teaming. Certain streets and sidewalks should be widened. North anti south line" in the heart of the city should receive ear.lest attention. A commission composed of merchants, teamsters, engineers, railroad men, city experts, including the po lice, should look into this matter. City Hall is antiquated and more buildings are needed. Decrn tralizatlon strongly urged—the building of a general municipal building in separate sections of the city and the rebuilding of the old Court House to accommodate the central offices. A com mission shonld look into this. Eight-hour law will be nndertaken In good faith. As large a force a possible of municipal employees will be employed the year around. Pension system for general employees of the city favored. Attention called to city finances. Its liabilities not clear. Large part of the outlay by metropolitan boards borne by Boston. Fi nances need immediate attention. Vnpnid commissions should be encouraged. Suggests that a census committee be appointed to obtain the most accurate municipal stock-taking in history, as the national census is taken this year. The following is the Inaugural mes sage delivered by Mayor Hart to the City Council today: You are to be congratulated. All good people hope that the lest year of the century may be the citys best We are told that great changes have taken place within the past few years, calling for new ideas and broader efforts. New ideas are welcomed, broader efforts are in order, a ncble consecration to duty Is right; at the same time the laws of ALBRECHT 38; KOELLNER, 295 to 305 A St., Boston, New England Agents. Established 1823 WILSON WHISKEY. Thats M! STATE LIBRARY OF MASSACHUSETTS, STATE house, boston. MONDAY, JANUARY 1. 1900. good citizenship are, In a measure, im mutable, like those of good morals, and our ancient records tell us that we are not the first to take a large view of municipal enterprise. We are but links In a chain connecting the great past with the unknown future. Let us hope that the link we form may be equal to fair requirements, and that we may have the approval cf right minded peo- (Continued on Last Page.) BOARD FAILS TO ELECT Adjourns Until Friday With Chairmanship Fight in a Tangle After the Inaugural ceremonies in the council chamber the aidermen returned to their own legislative ball and Ai derman Codman resumed the chair. Aiderman Adams at once moved the election of a chairman of the board for the year 1900, but stepped up to con sult with Chairman Cod man before the motion was put. A a result Mr. Ad ams changed his motion by the addi tion that the roll be called before the vote was taken. Aiderman Tlnkham moved that the board be adjourned, and also that the vote ba taken by roll call. Aiderman Norris wanted to know if the Tlnkham motion was open to de bate, and was Informed that It was not. The Chair asked Alderman Tlnkham to withdraw his motion to adjourn until a communication from the mayor had been received. Mr. Tlnkham con sented. Alderman Norris raised the point of order that the communication could not be received, as no business could be transacted until the board had or ganized by electing a chairman. This point elicited the ruling that it was not well taken  This did not suit Mr. Norris, but he did not appeal from the decision of the Chair. The communication from the mayor was the notification of the appointment of Hon. Patrick A. Collins as a mem ber of the special committee to revise the ordinances of the city of Boston. This appointment went over for a week under the rules. The motion to adjourn, made by Mr. Tinkham, was put and lost, all voting against it except Aidermen Gerry, Jor dan and Tlnkham. The motion of Mr. Adams to elect a chairman came up next and was carried, and the vote resulted in no choice. Alderman Adams voted for Codman, Bowen voted for Doyle, Cod man voted for Codman, Day voted for Day, Dixon voted for Norton. Doyle voted for Doyle, Gerry voted for Jordan, Jordan voted for Jordan, Ncrrls voted fclr Doyle, Norton voted for Norton, M. J. OBrien voted for Day, P. O'Brien voted for Doyle and Tinkham voted for Jcrdan. This gave Codman 2 votes, Jcrdan 3, Doyle 4, Norton 2 and Day 2. Then Aiderman Dixon quickly moved adjournment until Friday at 3 P.M., and the motion prevailed. Nothing was done about electing any of the City Cornell officials, and the chairmanship situation is unchanged. NO CAUCUS HELD When the City Council assembled this morning the question of electing pre siding officers was still in the air. The Democrats had done nothing as a party ever Sunday, and the Republicans had failed to come to any avowed conclu sion, either. The idea was strong, however, that the Republican managers knew where they "were at. Last night Aidermen Adams and Codman asked Chairman Swallow of the Republican city com mfttee to call a caucus of the Republi can aidermen. He did so, naming this morning as the time and the Republi can city headquarters as the place. Aldermen-elect Tinkham, Gerry and Jordan shewed up, but Adams and Cod man, although at the Parkar House refused to do so. Therefore there was no caucus, and the Board of Aidermen assembled today with no official alder manic candidate in sight. The Republican Common Councilmen also met at the city IWadquarters this morning, too. but the proposed caucus for a candidate for president of ths Common Council fell through, as it was proposed to let that matter stand until the aldermanlc chairmanship trouble had been settled. Both Aidermen Dixon and Norton de clined to say what they intended to do. and the Democratic programme when Mayor Hart was sworn in seemed a little uncertain. SMW PLEADS GUILTY BARNSTABLE, Jan. i.— Edward Ray Snow, the young alleged murderer of James T. Whittemore, was brought be fore Judge Higgins in the Su perior Court today. He re tracted his plea of not guilty and pleaded guilty. The judge then sentenced him to be exe cuted on March 18 next, and Snow was taken back to jail. Sewer Ga Wreck Houae. PITTSBURG. Pa., Jan. I.—An explo sion of sewer gas at Knoxville, a thriv ing borough near here, about ml inight, wrecked a large number of houses and stables and tore up several streets for hundreds of feet. Fortunately no one was Injured. LAST - - 6.30 P. M. MAYOR HART INAUGURATED A Successor to Josiah Quincy Now Reigns as the Ruler of Jhe City of Boston. CEREMONIES THIS MORNING New Chief Executive is Sworn In By Chief Justice Holmes io the Common Council Chamber. Thomas Norton Hart was inaugurated Mayor of Boston today for the third time. He was first mayor in 1889, and was re-elected. Josiah Quincys second term as mayor ended this morning when Mayor Hart was sworn in. The change of municipal administration today was one of the most momentous in the history of Boston. After four years of absolute control, the Democrats go out and the Republi cans assume the government of the city. The two terms of Mayor Quincy were remarkable for the extension of the public service and great progress along the lines of municipal ad vancement. The policy of Mayor Hart can only be conjec tured. The inauguration ceremonies were along beaten lines. City Hall had been cleaned from cellar to dome by City Mes senger Leary for the occasion, and the dingy interior of the big School-street building looked as well as janitor service could make it. In spite of the inclement weather, City Hall was thronged at an early hour. The officeholders there are in most instances afraid of dismissal by the new administration, and their gloomy faces contrasted strongly with the joyful and expectant countenances of victorious Republicans. Mayor Quincy received Mayoi Hart in the historic may ors office. There, too, were Chief Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, who later administered the oath of office to the new chief executive; Special Sheriff Seavey of Suffolk, who was at tired in full official uniform, and represented the militant arm of the community; Rev. John Cuckson, pastor of the rlir.g ton-street Church, who was the chaplain of the occasion; and many prominent officials and private citizens. Mayor Rainey wa present to receive hl successor in office and turn over into his bands the reins of government. The inauguration ceremonies took place In the Common Council chamber. There repaired in a procession of two abreast the new and the old mayor, the aidermen nnd all the official taking part in the proceeding. The city messenger was the major-domo of the occasion. The common councilmen were then all in their seats, and arose when the dignitaries entered. After the Invocation by Rev. John Cuckson, the oath of office as Mayor of Boston was administered by Chief Justice Holmes to Thomas N. Hart, and then the new mayor read his inaugnral nd dress. After that the aidermen retired to the aldermauic cham ber, the mayor to hl office, and both branches of the City Council began the work of organization. Mayor Harts term is for two years. There are 8 Democrats and S Republicans in the Board of Ai dermen, and 42 Democrats aud 33 Republican in the Common Conncil. The Board of Aldermen failed to organize by electing a chair man. One ballot was taken, andthere wasno choice. The Common Council proceedings ended amid great excitement. When Councilman Kinney of Ward 10, presiding officer pro-tern, declared the council adjourned, Daniel J. Kiley of Ward 8, presi dent in Ioo, took the chair, called the council to order and de clared a motion to proceed with the election of a permanent pre siding officer to be carried. A vote by roll call was taken nnd Kiley received 20 votes