NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 27, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: dn4048438
---
38F 85,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELER'S POPULAR VOTING CONTEST! 'Q USE TRAVELER WANTS. THE prices of TRAVELER Wants are the lowest; returns are the best. Be sure your ad is in SATURDAYS TRAVELER. ONE CENT A WORD. ESTABLISHED 1824, AT OUTFITW RR ALL  MANKIND CUA WAffIN6TOHS ' GMrWPt  Special Healline. X KEEP WARM.  w A1A nn ita  S CHfyioTJ. n Wors KVieyJU WIRE FROM LONDON TO NILE SOURCE MOMBASSA. Feb. 27.—The Uganda railway telegraph line reached the Nile at Ripon Falla. February 18, and was carried across the river rext day, thus establishing telegraphic communi cation between London and the sources of the Nile. thTweather. r _ Fair; Rlnln Temperature. WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.—For New England—Fair tonight; rising tempera ture and snow Wednesday; westerly winds, becoming variable and shifting to fresh easterly. 50 Dollars For a Name. The Star Brewing Co. will pay f 50.00 to any person for an appro priate name for their new Lager, obe out in April. All names to be in sealed envelopes, to close March 3d, 190 a, Address STAR BREWING CO., Toston. feb26—2tx PULMONINE. 35 cts. par Bottle. Your druggist ha it. Nothing like It FOR COUCH.AND COLDS. 9,000.00 IN A DAY. Will the gentleman from Cambridge who called last Saturday at my place of business and stated that he had I recently made the above amount in one day as a result of possessing a GOOD LUCK BOX kindly send me his name and address at once? HENRY PARKER, 26 Bromfield Street, - - Boston. Theres nothing so bad for a Cougn as Coughing. W E want everybody who has a cold to use Ayers Cherry Pectoral. Sixty years of experience with it tell us there is nothing equal to it for coughs, colds in the chest, asthma, bronchitis, pneumonia, whooping-cough, hoarse ness, croup, consumption, and all diseases of the throat and lungs. All druggists keep it 'jif. There are three sizes: The l.OO size is the most economical in the long run; the 50c. size is just right for hard coughs, bron chitis, etc.; now, for the first time, you can buy a 25c. size; it is very convenient for traveling and holds plenty to cure an ordi nary cold. i The oldest, safest, surest, and best cough remedy in the whole world . HU Theres nothing so good for a Cough as Ayers Cherry Pectoral. LEPROSY. NEW YORK, Feb. 27.—A well defined case of leprosy was discovered at the barge oltlce yesterday In the person of Archibald Mandeville, 22 years old, a native of Barbadoes, who arrived here on Friday last on the British steamer Buffon. With ths other passengers, Mande ville was held for the customary period by the health officers, and yesterday was landed at the barge office, where his condition was discovered by the registry clerk, and he was ordered back on board the Button. Mandeville had plenty of money and said he had come North in the hope that the cold weather would improve his condition. He will be deported at once. Planting Nut Trees. Farms in nearly every Northeastern state are planting nut tree, along with their peaches and pears, and are util izing the hillsides, where nothing else will grow for nut orchards. he Boston brawler. THE "ANTIS TO CONVENE They Will Hold National Gathering After the 0 her Parties. CHICAGO, Teb. 27.—Announcement is made that an anti-imperialist conven tion will be held, probably In Indian apolis. soon after the Democratic and Republican parties have made their nominations for President and VicePresident of the United States. The at titude to be taken by the convention will have been decldea upon then, and until that time the antl-imperiallsts will refrain from committing themselves on the presidential question. General Patrick Walsh 1 Dead. BAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27.—General Patrick Walsh, a veteran of the civil war, is dead. He served with distinc tion and bravery during the war. Dur ing the first administration of Presi dent Cleveland, General Walsh was pension agent for the Pacific coast. He was a native of Ireland and was 68 years old. Stereopticon Lecture. Henry Turner Bailey gave a stereop tkon lecture on "A More Beautiful Boston, before the art department of the Twentieth Century Club last even ing in Jacob Sleeper hall, Somerset street. _____________________ STANDARD OP EXCELLENCE. Robert Bruce '.CICAR GEO. F. YOUNG 0 URO., 112 WATER STREET, BOSTON. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900. TO SEARCH FOR STEAMER U. S. Revenue Cutter Ater the Disabled Spanish Vessel, the Minerva. PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 27. — Under Instructions from the United States Treasury Department the revenue cut ter Onondaga, Captain Hamlet, sidled today from this port to the rescue of forty men comprising the crew of the Spanish steamship Minerva, now drift ing about at sea In a helpless condition. The Minerva is xaden with 50U tons of Iron ore. She sailed from Porman, Spain, Jan. 27, for Baltimore. Upon the arrival of the British steamship Parana at New York Friday from Madeira It was learnea that the Minerva was adrift without coal. The Minerva was sighted Feb. 21 In lat. 26.20, long. 69.03, and she was taken in tow by the Parana. After towing her for about two hours the hawser parted and the vessels became sep arated. The Minerva Is 2315 tons net register and Is a steel craft with triple expan sion engines. She Is supposed to be about 250 miles off the Delaware capes. FIVE WOMEN ARE DROWNED SASSNITZ, Germany, Feb. 27.—The Swedish mall steamer Rex has stranded off Lohme Ruegen island, during a fog. Five stewardesses were drowned in attempting to leave the ship. The rest of the crew and the passengers and mail are still aboard. MECHANICS LIENS ON STREEI RA.LWAYS NEW YORK, Feb. 27.—Two mecnan ics liens aggregating 548,205, were filed today in the county clerk's office by Henry C. Evans as agent of the Lor iin Steel Company of Lorain, Ohio, against the Third-avenue Railroad Co., the Forty-second-street, Manhatta.nvllle 38; St. Nicholas Railroad Co., and the LAST - - 630 P M f IMw l m hI 2 I ill w 10l Itn iBl Bl Fin F 1 4 , i n HWI Fl Ml  1 M ICM Fl ; 1 i 1 sr M '' -I STREET CARS FOR WINTHROP The Board of Selectmen of the town of Winthrop spring a surprise last evening by giving permission to the Revere 38; Winthrop Street Railroad Company to operate a railroad In the town. The present Board of Selectmen comprise Orlando E. Lewis. Charles G. Craib and Henry Putnam. Mr Lewis Is not a candidate for the board this year, Mr. Putnam was defeated by th" voters at the Citizens' caucus, held last Monday night, and Mr. Craib got the highest number of votes at the caucus. Mr. Lewis and Mr. Putnam voted to give the electric railroad a right to run their cars through the streets of the town. Mr. Craib voted against the rajlroad. . ... The question has created much Inter est sime the hearing of last Monday night. At that time the town hall was crowded with the residents of tne town who were there to record their protest against any street railroad coming into Winthrop. They claimed that the en trance of a read would hurt, rather than help it. CEDEVBITE HELD IN lOOO BAIL Louis Cedevette of Somerville Is held in lOOO for his appearance tomorow morning In the Brookline court, on the charge of manslaughter. Cevedette was driving a heavy dray owned by Tighe 38; Sons of Somerville through BrookUne, yesterday, when the dray ran over little Ulmer knowles. 5 years o.d of 225 Uigh street The rear wheel passed over the childs body, killing him In stantly. Comes to Lecture at Harvard. NEW YORK, Feb. 27,-Among the passengers who arrived today per French Une steamer La Normandie from Havre were M. and Mme. Henry de Regnier. Prof, de Regnier will lec ture on French literature at Harvard and other Institutions of learning in this country. JAYNES r Of the thousands who pass our stores, many are unaware that we have on sale the BIG BROTHER Of the Cuba Cigarro. EXACT SIZE OE BIG BilUlUhß'' It comes five In a box, and a box sells for 10 Cents. On Wednesday, Feb. 28th, ______ .rg- aHnHaBHrW efrIUVIWBBBHBBI Wj Invite Ycu to Visit Our Stores: 50 Washington Street, 877 Washington Street, 143 Summer Street, and accept a sample packet FREE OF CHARGE. From this you may Judge of the quality of this 15 minutes smoke for your own use. JAYNES 38; CO. The Brave Lion of Africa Compelled to Surrender to Superior Force. HE HAS ONLOboT 3000 MEN A FUND FOR MRS. HENRY NEW YORK. Feb. 27.—A movement has been started in this city to raise a fund for the benefit of Mrs. Guy V. Henry, the widow of General Henry. An organization for this purpose has been effected, and a committee formed, with Cornelius N. Bliss chairman. Accord ing to the present pension laws Mrs. Henry's pension will not exceed 3O a month. . _ A bill has been introduced into Con gress for a special pension of lOO a month, but there are so many claims of this kind growing out of the SpanishAmerican war that the Pension Com mittees of both houses have agreed not to recommend special pensions exceed ing 5O a month. IIKI.P WANTED. If yon want help either male or female a small Traveler want will get It for you. One cent a word Is the price. Satisfactory re turns guaranteed. LONDON, Feb. 27. —The war office has received the fol lowing despatch from Lord Roberts: PAARDEBERG, Feb. 27 —7.45 A.M.—General Cronje and all of his forces capitulated unconditionally at daylight, and he is now a prisoner in my camp. The strength of his forces will be communicated later. I hope that her majestys gov ernment will consider his event satisfactory, occurring as it does on the anniversary of Majuba. The forces surrendered by Cronje are estimated to num ber from 4000 to 6000 men. The event will have a far-reaching effect. It opens the southern Free State to the British, iso lates the Boers in Northern Cape Colony and more than like ly frees Ladysmith, news of which is expected today The Boers, it is known, are now collecting for the de fense of Bloemfontein, where another battle is likely to occur, but the Transvaal is still untouched. A stubborn resistance is expected there, the hilly country, it is believed, compelling a long and difficult campaign. LONDON, Feb. 27, 4.38 P.M.—The secretary of state for war, the Marquis of Lansdowne, announced in the House of Lords this afternoon that the prisoners captured with Gen eral Cronje numbered about 3000 men. General Cronje will be sent to Cape Town. ROEERTS TELLS HOW IT WAS DONE. IX7NDON. Feb. t 1. —6.02 P.M.—The war office has received the following despatch from Lord Roberts: Paardeberg. 11 oclock Tuesday morning—Ftom Information furnished dally to me by the Intelligence department, It became apparent that General Cronjes force was becoming more depressed and that the discontent of the troops and the discord among the leaders was rapidly Increasing. This feeling was doubtless accentuated by the disappointment caused when the Boer reinforcements which tried to relieve General Cronje were defeatd by our troops on Fb. 23. I resolved, therefore, to bring pressure to bear on the enemy. Each night the trenches were pushed forward towards the enemys laager so as to gradually contract his position, and at the same time I bombarded It heavily with artillery, which was yesterday materially aided by the arrival (Contianed oa Third Page.) GENERAL CRONJE. The Stout Lion of Africa Compelled to Yield to Superior Force. TRAVELER WANTS . . r PAY BEST One cent a word is the price of Traveler wants They always pay the best RICE ONE CENI2 CLOGGED KIDNEYS They Poison the Blood, Become Infected with Disease, Break Down the Entire System and Bring on Bright's Disease. Co Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Traveler May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail. laboratory of Dr. Kilmer C 0.., Home of Swamp-Root, The World-Famous Kidney-Remedy. You knew what happens to a sewer ghen It becomes clogged, dont you. 1 Do you know what happens to the Duman system when the kidneys be come dogged? They are unable to fhrow out the Impurities from the blood, nd become Infected with poisons. they ecay, fall apart, and pnhs out In the Brine; the Wood, unfiltered. carri' the Klaon all through the system, and if t checked death follows. The kidneys ire the. sewer a of the human system. "When year kidneys are not djtng tha;r imork, some of the symptoms which brerve It to you are pain or dull ache in the back, excess of uric acid, gravel, rheumatic pains, sediment in the urine, Dcanty supply, scalding irritation in weeing it, obliged to go often during the day and to get up many times dur ing the night to empty the b.addr; Jleeplesenees, nervous irritability, dizzi ness, Irregular heart, breathlessness, fallow, unhealthy complexion, puffy or lark circles under the eyes, sometimes the feet, limbs or body bloat, loss of iinbltion, general weakness and debil ity. When you are rick or "feel badly." no matter what you think the name of pour disease Is. the flrat thing you should do La to afford aid to your kid seys by using Dr. Kilmers SwampRoot. the great kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford natural help to nature, for Swamp-Root IB the most perfect healer and gentle Md to the kidneys that la known to taedical science. Fcrhape you are 1n doubt about your kidneys and want to find out. Here's a limple teet. TU.ke from your urine passed when you arise in the morning  SOCIAL EVENTS. : THE TRAVKLKR Invites Its rend ers to contribute news of purtlea, balls and other aodiil k ber 1 n g. vlth the names of those prearut. Buch matters should be addressed to the City Editor, and be tvrdtsu bn one side of the paper only. The Derby Whist Club held Its first foclal at the residence of Mr. Thomas F- OConnor. 82 Silver street, South Boston. A very enjoyable evening was Bpent Plano solos were rendered by the Misses Mamie Harrington, Jennie Flanagan, Katie Gookin and Nellie Whitten. Mr. John Joseph Burke Bang. The Starlight and Dewey Social Clubs were among the guests of the ocaslon. After the entertalnme.'.t sup per was eervjd. Among those present Fere the Mlss Mamie Harrington, Katie Gookln, Dolly Tyrell, Nellie Whit ten, Lena Daly, Jennie Flanagan, Nellie Hughes, Charles L. McCarthy, Thomae F. O'Connor. John J. Burke, Jame U Brosnahan, John F. Martin. Jame p. Green. Harry 13. Cassidy and JereIniah V. Brosnahan. A remarkably pretty Sunday afterBoon wc-dding was that of John F Klvlichan and Miss Mary A. Moynihan bopular yotng people of the Soutt End, which was solemnized In thi Cathedral. Bev. Father Nicholas It Walsh officiating, elter J Kivllohan I brother of the groom, was best man .nd Miss Kate McNeally bridesmaid loth bride and bridesmaid were taste ully gowned in gray. A few of th rlonds pretent at the  hurch wore IM yard F. Sullivan, John Hurley, 11. V Vatson, William Williams. At a rc jeptlon at the hi me of the newly mar tied couple. 595 Tremont street, th following, in addition to the above jvere guests: Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Tav tor. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Swan, Ms fyne. Kenneth McPherson. John Kelly Charles Walsh, Jolin Clark, M. Con lots. Martin Joyce, T. A. Maher, I 1 Sulli