NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 02, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: fb49bk45c
---
W 25,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST - - - SEE PACE 2. -W TRAVELER'S GRAND PRIZES. ESTABLISHED 1824. 5400,000 FIRE AT YOUNGSTOWN YOUNGSTOWN, 0.. Feb. 2.—Fire last eight gutted the three-story brick build ings of J. K. Euwers Sons Co., dry goods, and McElroy Co., furniture. The large department store of the G. M. McKelvey Co. was badly damaged by water. Th loss is estimated at 3400 000. The fire was gotten under control at 3.30. John Mills, a spectator, dropped dead from heart disease, and C. A Pat terson was struck on the head by a piece of brick. The firemen suffered se verely from cold. RESOLUTIONS ON DURRELLS DEATH A meeting of the wholesale dry goods and smallware merchants was held in the rooms of the Boston Merchants' As sociation yestsrday, to take action on the death of Hon. O. H. Durrell. D. B. Claflin presided. A committee, consisting of S. 8. Lang ley of Langley, Burr 38; Co., E. B. Wil son of Wilson. Larrabee 38; Co., F. L. Walker of Walker-Stetson Company and G. D. Harvey of Farhy, Harvey 38; Co., drafted resolutions which were signed by Langley, Burr 38; Co., Walker fltetson Company, Claflin. Young 38; Stanley, Wilson, Larrabee 38; Co., Russ, Eveleth 38; Ingalls. Boston Dry Goods Company, Blodgett, Ordway 38; Webbsr, Farley, Harvey 38; Co., Charles U. Thomas 38; Co. The following were appointed a com mittee to attend the funeral: E. B. Wil son, G. D Harvey, C. U. Thomas, C. W. Whitten, 8. S. Langljy, C. W. Blodgett, W. H. Young, J. W. Chapman and F. L. Walker. It was voted, out of respect to the deceased, to suspend business at 2 P.M. Saturday, the day of the funeral. All the houses in ths trade were repre sented at the meeting. MR. PHELPS THE SAME NEW HAVEN. Ct., Feb. 2.-There was no change during the night in tha condition of Hon. Edward J. Phelps, ex-minister to England, who is ill with pneumonia here. TRY MARTIS, 13 CHATMAN PLACE and S 3 PROV INCE ST.. FOR THE BEST OYSTERS IX BOSTON. COTVIT CHANNEL. DEEP WATER OYSTERS. MAR STON'S MILLS AND HILLOCKS COVE. - -IMI  BROTHER _ _ Free trips to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to Wash ington and numerons other prizes in the Greatest Popular Votfhg Contest Ever Known. BIG LOCKOUT FOR CHICAGO CHICAGO. Feb. 2.—Failure on the part of the Building Trades Council of Chi cago to act on the rules submitted by the Contractors' Association at their meeting today, so circulars issued by several contractors to their employees assert, will result in a lockout Monday. CUSTOM HOUSE MOVED TO SUMMIT SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 2.—ln con formity with the boundary modus Vi vendi the Canadian officials have moved their custom house from Log Cabin to the summit of the White Pass. A NEW RAILROAD. SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 2—The Southern Pacific Company is to build a new road from Mojave northeast to Keeler in Inyo county, a distance of 100 miles. railroad" SOLD OUT INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Feb. 2—A de cree of foreclosure and sale has been en tered by Judge Baker of the United States Court, in the suit of Porter Skin ner against the Fort Wayne. Terre Haute and Southwestern railroad. SK ATING - Jamaica Pond. Jamaica Plain, good; Franklin Field, Blue Hill avenue, rough; Spy Pond, Arlington, fair; Riverside, Riverside, fair; Kendrick's bridge. Na hanton street, fair; Cow Island Pond, Spring street, fair; Dedham, Dedham, fair; Concord. Concord, fair. Rev. Joseph Cook to Speak. Rev. Joseph Cook. D. D.. will give one of his characteristic addresses in Park Street Church, next Monday noon, Feb, 5, under the auspices, of the Evangelistic Association of New England. This as sociation announced recen'ly that their noon meetings in Bromfield Street Chur?h would cease Jan. Zi, but they will carry on.noonday meetings in other churches and halls from time to time. I The address next Monday will be of I special Interest to the members of the General Court. The doors will be open  to the public at 11.30 A. M. Ever since the popular success of the famous Cuba Cigarro the makers of these choice miniature cigars have been overwhelmed with requests for a cigarro of extra size. To meet the demand we have prepared and now offer its BIG BROTHER Which is the happy medium be tween the little fellow and the full grown cigar. Big Brother is a delightful io minutes smoke. It is filled with the same tobac co that goes into cigars that cost 25 cents. The quality is there— only in smaller form. Big Brother comes five in a box, and a box costs ten cents. You will never understand how much satisfaction you can get for a dime until you try a box. On receipt of io cents a sample package will be mailed you. ESTABROOK 38; EATON, 1 Selling S. S. PIERCE CO., f Agents lour Waaler bas them or can get them for you. he Doston raveler. SGT. BRIDGHAM DIES SUDDENLY He Was Appointed On the Police Force in 1875, Sergeant Daniel IT. Bridgham. con nected with Station 12. died suddenly of heart disease at 8.50 A.M. today, at his residence, Sts East Fifth street, South Boston. The sergeant has not been in good health for some time past, and has been under the care of a physician, but his death was hardly expected and came as a shock. Captain Dawson of Station 12 was notified, and the flag on the station horse was lowered to half mast. Til? officers cot nested with the station, all of whom revered and respected the serSeant for his many good qualities, feel eeply gr!eed. Committees will be ap pointed today to attend to arrangements for the funeral. Sergeant Daniel H. Bridgham was born in Charleston. Me., July 22. 1838. and tame to this city when young. He was in the provision business, and after examination became a member of the police force on May Sth. 1875, and at tached to Division 3. He was elevated to the rank of sergeant on Ootober 1, 1883. and attached to Station 5. where he was a well known figure for 15 years and a terror to the law breakers of the South End. The sergeant was trans ferred to Station 12, August 80th, 1899. and has been attached to the South Boston station since that time. COAL BARGEMAN KILLED BY A FALL Burnett E Benson, 34, a sailor on the coal barge George A. Schofield, lying at Mystic wharf, Charlestown, lost his life this morning while in the discharge of his duty. Benson was repairing a hoisting cable on the edge of an open hatchway, when in reaching for a pair of plyers he lost his balance and fell backwards into the hold, a distance of 15 feet. He fractured his skull and died in a few minutes. The body was taken to the North Grove street morgue. The barge Is commanded by Captain W. E. Hardy. ' LEVIS TRUST CO. ABSORBS ANOTHER NEW YORK. Feb. 2.—The Morton Trust Co., which was incorporated last July, with ex-Governor Levi P. Mor ton at its head, is to absorb the State Trust Company. The consolidated company, which will bear the name of the Morton Trust Company, will have a capital stock of 2,000,000 and a surplus and undivided profits of well over 2,500,000. MILD WINTER IN ALASKA WRANGEL. Alaska. Jan. 26. via S?at tle, Wash.. Feb. 2.—Mai from the Cas siar, B. C., region came down the Stik een for the first time since Nov. 15. The winter in the interior has ben unusual ly mild. ELIZABETH HART WILL RECOVER Elizabeth Hart, 38 years of age and single, living with her sister at 61 Mid dle street, South Boston, attempted to commit suicide yesterday at 5.30 P.M. by swallowing a large dose of laud anum. A physician was called, and she was removed to the Cltv nnsnital. The doctors at the hospital say that she is very comfortable today and out of danger. BODY PICKED UP IN THE HARBOR The harbor police, this forenoon, found  man's body in the water north of Commercial wharf. The man was beardless, and about 45 years old.  feet 10 inches n height, and 160 pounds In weight. The body was dressed in a black overcoat, black vest, dark mixed trousers, white shirt, turn down collar, blue tie and lace shoes. A watch and chain were found in the vest. The body was taken to the North Grove street morgue for examination by Dr. Harris. DUDLEY STREET FIRE The alarm from Box 234 at 723 this morning was for an BOO tiro in A. D. Paul's residence, 360 Dudley street. The fire started In an attlo room from some unknown cause and burned through two floors. SUICIDE IN HOSPITAL NEW YORK, Feb. 2.—Simon Fatman, a wealthy cotton broker, 52 years old, of No. 72 Beaver street, committed sui cide at Mt. Sinai Hospital yesterday. FIRE IN MEDFORD. MEDFORD, Feb. 2.—A Are, caused by an attempt to thaw out frozen water pipes, in the residence of Allston P. Joyce, city clerk of Medford, caused a loss of l2OO, this morning. The house was insured for lOOO. The damage to the furniture was 5OO, and the insur ance was lOOO. Wagon Struck By an Electric Car. Early last eveuiug John De Grove. 20 ywre old, of 40 Cabot street, was driving a wood wagon on Washington street, at the corner of Indiana, when hie wagon was struck by an electric car. De Grove was thrown off and so badly bruised that he wu taken to the City Hospital. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1900. To Sleep—To Dream —Aye, Theres the Rub. -New York World. RHODES SECRETARY CAPTURED Boers Seized Him As He Was Trying To Escape From Kimberley. SILENCE AS TO BULLER S MOVE CAPE TOWN, Jan. 30. —(Delayed).—Cecil Rhodes pri vate secretary has been captured by the Boers while attempt ing to leave Kimberley for Cape Town. RUMOR FRENCH TAKES 800 80ERS LONDON. Feb. 2. —A rumor comes from Cape Town to the effect that General French has captured 800 Boers, where and when not being announced. NO WORD FROM GEN. BULLER LONDON. Feb. 2.-2 37 P.M.-There is no official news from General Bul lers headquarters, and the only information which has reached London in any way supporting the reports that ho has re-crossed the Tugela river is found in The Associated Press despatch announcing Eord Dundonaid's rec onnaissance, which is taken to Indicate a prelude to renewed activity. As the despatch is three days old and Lord Dundonald found no difficulty in crossing the river, it is not Impossible General Buller may have moved In the interim, and public anxiety Is again concentrated on the upper Tugela. MAFEKINC HAS NOT BEEN RELIEVED LORENZO MARQUES, Thursday, Feb. I.—A despatch from Gaberonoe, dated Jan. 23, describing a reconnaissance of some of Colonel Plumer's forces around the Boer laager southward, seems to dispose of the story that Mafeking has been relieved. On that date the Rhodesians captured two Transvaal flags and drew off the Boer outpost before returning to Gaberonoe BoersFlan.! Cant be Turned LONDON, Feb. 2.—Mr. Spencer Wil kinson of the Morning Post today dis cusses a long despatch from Mr. Win ston Churchill, dated at Pietermaritz burg, and describes the situation in Natal. This despatch deserves to be closely read. It is am appeal to the public at home, and, as it has been passed by the censor, may be taken to represent the feelings of General Buller's army. Mr. Ohurchill represents the difficulties of General Buller's tak in concise terms. The enemy will act with common sense. They will place outposts on the hills and keep back their main body until they see the direction of General Bullers movement. Then they will quickly bring up the main body and extemporize what defensive works they can, in addition to such as they have profusely prepared in anticipation of various passible advances. That is what every one would ex pect them to do; and that their main wdy can ride faster than Genera! Bul ler's main body can walk was also pretty generally understood. The con sequence Is that the Boer army cannot be turned. Wherever it is attacked it can present an intrenched front. According to Mr. Churchill, there are 7000 Boers watching Ladysmith, the sima number held ready to resist Gen eral Buller and 5000 kept in reserve to rainforce either body at need. Thus General Buller has to attack 12,000 men intrenched on favorable ground. For that purpose Mr. Churchill thinks he ought to have 30,000 men Instead of 25.- 000. In other words. General Buller ought to have another division. For a Huge Army. LONDON. Feb. 2.—Mr. Wyndhams re markable declaration in the House of Commons that Great Britain will have in a fortnight 180,000 regulars in South Africa, 7000 Canadians and Australians and 2(1.000 South African volunteers is received with wonderment. Of this total of 213,000 troops, with 452 guns, all are now there with the exception of about 18,000 that are afloat. Beyond compari son this is the largest force Great Britain has ever put into the field. At the end of the Crimean war she had scraped together 80.000 men. Wellington ' had at Waterloo 25.000. Mr. Wyndhams speech was the strong est defense the government has yet put forward as to. what has besn done and is being done. The general tone of the morning pa pers is that his figures will astonish the country. Roughly speaking, only 80.000 men are at the front. Ten thousand others have been lost, and 10,000 are shut up in Ladysmith. Excluding these, there are 70,000 troops who have not yet been in action, in ad dition to those at sea. Why so many effectives have not yet been engaged is explained by the lack of land transport and the organization of supplies, to which Lord Roberts is devoting his ex perience and Lord Kitchener his genius for details. It seems as though the weight of these masses must desiroy the equilibrium w hich new holds the British forces sta tionary wherever they are in contact with the Boer army. Iack of transport and organization will not explain adequately why, when generals at the front request reinforce ments. they get them In rather small numbers. Knowledge is slowly pene trating to London that large garrisons must be kept in Cape Colony to hold down the Cape Dutch, who, as every (Continued on Third rage.) LAST -- 6.30 P. M. IS HE THE """"Ji CULPRIT? Alleged Damning Evidence Against Whittaker, Ar rested As Goebel's Assailant. A CONFERENCE WITH MKINLEY FRANKFORT. Ky Feb. 2.—Constable Harred, the officer who took Har land Whittaker, the alleged assassin, to Louisville, has given out what is re garded as evidence pointing to the accused man's guilt. Harred says that Whittaker while en route to Louisville told that he had seme 3OOO at homo and 5 in his pocket, which he would give to be allowed to escape. The officer also says that Whittaker contradicts the statement of Captain Davis, in whose company he was found when arrested. Davis insists that Whittaker was sitting In a room adjoining Governor Taylors office when the shot that felled Senator Goebel was tired. Constable Harred claims that Whittaker says he was on the third floor of the building. THEY SEE THE PRESIDENT. WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.—A Kentucky delegation consisting of Senator elect Blackburn. Represrentativjs Rhea, Smith, Allen and Gilbert, and exRepresentative Thompson called on President McKinley today to protest against any Federal interference in that state. Senator Lindsay was also there, but he did not go wltn the other gintiemen. The Kentuckians said that Federal interference in Kentuc