NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 19, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: fq97g4753
---
olo,ooo MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST SEE PACE 2,W Who Is Your Earorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? i Voting Give your choice a trip to j  Paris free. Coupon on page 2. ! I Grand ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. OPEN EVERY SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL IO OCLOCK. Extraordinary Special Bargains in MENS AND BOYS' CLOTHING row wA. z ruTnA.Y. Last Day OF OUR Grand Special Sale — 4 n our new— CUSTOM DEPT. FOR THIS WEEK ONLY. Trousers Made to Measure 3.33 Actual value 7.00. Suits Made to Measure ... I 3.33 Actual value 22.00 Cvercoats Male to Measure. 13.33 Actual value 22.00. High-Grade Fashionable Materi als, honestly made and trimmed and perfect fit, and entire satisfaction guaranteed. Large Variety to Select From. VERY SPEC! ALB ARG AINS —IN OUR— Men's and Boys READY TO WEAR Suits and Overcoats. Prices cut deep to reduce stock. See Our Show Window. UNMATCHABLE BARGAINS IN MEN'S AND BOYS Reli?bl9 Ready-Male Clothing. 1 lot Mens Trousers, in neat dark pat terns. Special price per pair only9Bc 1 lot of the celebrat ed Mens Reading Hair Line Trousers in all si es, at the lowest price ever known or heard of, r r i .49 1 lot Mens fine wors ted Trousers, spec ial price per pair only 1.98 1 lot BOYS REEFERS, sizes 3 to 16 years, in blue chinchilla, hand somely trimmed. Spe cially priced for this sale st, each, only 1.49 Other Special Bargains in Boys' Reeferv, sizes 3 to 16, at 1.93, 2.48, 2.98. 3.33, S 3.98, 4.44. i J 1 Lot BOYS' OVER COATS. sizes 4 to 16 years; In the popular Frieze material, col ors blue and brown, every detail of mak ing and trimming Is right in every way, and equal qualities cannot be purchased elsewhere for less - than 4.50. our price while they last only, each, 2.98 Other Special Bar gains In Boys Over coats at 3.75. SCHAEFER IS HARD PRESSED NEW YORK. Jun. 19 -Ora Morningstarhe young Chicago shortstop, held his load over Jake Schaefer, the Wizard, In their play yes terday in the 14 Inch balk line match, in which the Wizard is endeavoring to score 3000 points against 1500 for Morningstar. The score at the start of the play in the afternoon: Morning star, 600; Schaefer, 1705. The score of the day's game was: AFTERNOON GAME. Morningstar-0. 3. 19. 6, 1. 1, 2. 52, 6,0, 11—100. Average. 9 1-11; high run, 52. Schaefer-1. 4. 13. 0, 6. 33. 17. 21, 0, 17— 112. Average, 11 2-10; high run. 33. EVENING GAME. Morningstar—lB. 0, 21, 11, 24. 0. 9,0, 8100. Average. 11 1-9; high run, 24. Grand total. 800. Schaefer—o, 0. 13, 1. 3, 96. 31. 0—144. Av erage, 18; high run, 96. Grand total. 1331. y THE BEST 2.00 PER GALLON WHISKEY ever sold is that which has been PURIFIED by DR. CUSHING'S PROCESS. Compare this, our lowest grade of whiskey, with that you buy elsewhere at any price. No charge for jugs and bottles. CUMUXU MEDICAL SUPPLY CO, Sole owners, 580 Washington St., Poston. I WHEN THE WAR IS OVER. THB MIXER WHOEVER HE IS, WILL FIND THE GOLD NO NEARER. RESCUED FROM JAIL BRANFORD, Ct.. Jan. 19.—Herman Fisher, charged with horse stealing, es caped from the Branford lockup during the night in a peculiar manner. He has not been recaptured. The lockup where Fisher was confined is in the cellar of the Town Hal', and consists of two steel cages. A Greek, who occupied the second one, says that soon after 1 o'clock this morning a man broke into the cellar by prying oft a window, went to the cell occupied by Fisher ai.d began work upon the steel door. The visitor had an iron bar. and with this tool wrenched away the bars, making an opening sufficiently large to permit Fisher, who is a small man, to crawl out. THE WEATHER. Rain: Southerly Winds. WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—For New England: Rain tonight and Saturday; light to fresh southerly winds, becom ing variable. It must be strange for the Span iards to feel that they are ruled over by a mere infant. Why?' It's so uncommon. "Humph! It's plain you never had an infant. It's the most natural thing in the world for a baby to boss things. he Boston traveler. A LONG RECORD OF GRIME Elizabsth Dillon, Ar rested in East Boston, is a Notorious Criminal. "Elizabeth Dillon. the aged pickI pocket, arrested in East Boston yester ' day. on charges of plying her craft in I the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, turns out to be one of the most notori ous female crooks on this side of the Atlantic. i She has over a score of aliases, a fact t she didn't dispute when confronted with her long record by Gallerykeeper "Tom" ! Barry in Chief Watts office today. Mainly on the strength of Mr. Barrys statement the case against the old thief was continued for one week for further investigation in the East Boston court today. , The man arrested with the woman is st pposed to be an old New York crook named Sullivan, who. four or five years ago. served a sentence at Blackwell's Island for robbery. The woman s record shows that she has used the following names in differ ent parts of the country in the execu tion of her vocation: Bridget Corrigan, Mary Ryan, Mary Harper, Bridget Raf ferty, Bridge Cole. Bridget Lord, Mary Healy, Mary Madden, Kate Connors. Kate Lord, Susan Hall, Susan Hicks and Jane Lannigan. Her portrait is in everj rogues gallery in the United States. Her New York and Boston record is  as follows: March 11, 1879, sentenced tc two vears in the penitentiary for pocket I picking: August 9. 1884. sentenced to two  years at Sherburn (this state) for lar ceny from the perron in Boston; May 23. 1893. sentenced to the House of Cor rection for two years for pocket picking; May 3L 1897, sentenced to two years at Blackwells Island, N. Y., for a similar offense. She has served time in Phila delphia. Providence. Chicago, Milwau kee,. Detroit, St. Lovis and other cities. In fact the greater part of her 58 years of existence has been spent in prison. Inspector Byrnes book on criminals contains a long account of the womans career in New York city. She has only been in Boston this time about three weeks. In that time, however, over half a hundred attendants of the church mentioned have 'been robbed of their pocketbocks while attending divine services. The police hope to conenct Lizzie with many of these robberies. RAILROAD WATCHMAN FINED FOR STEALING For the past few months the officials of the Boston 38; Maine railroad have received complaints from many of its freight patrons that goods have been shipped to them which they have never received. Late yesterday after noon, Officer Mullen of Station 15 placed under arrest Anthony Bruno, for many years a trusted watchman of the road, bn a warrant charging him with the larceny of eight steam valves valued at lB. Before Judge Bragg in the Charles town court today, Bruno was fined 2O. In default of payment he was commit ted to the house of correction at Deer Inland. MASS LEGACY IS TAXABLE PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 19.— According to the ruling received today from the Treasury Department, and made by the commissioner of Internal revenue, a bequest of money to a priest for the purpose of saying masses for the repose of souls is liable to legacy tax. The case came before the commis sioner from Illinois where a bequest had been made for the purpose. SOMERVILLE CITY SAFE OPENED The safe of the city treasurer's office of Somerville that has been locked since last Friday night and on which experts have been woiking ever since was opened today at the Damon safe works in Cambridgeport. Upon being notified that the safe was opened Treasurer Cole went to the works and brought back the money that was in it, about 5OOO. COLLISION ON BROOKLYN L NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—During the fog in South Brooklyn this morning a rear end collision occurred between two elec tric trains of the Brooklyn electric sys tem at the Twentieth-street station of the Fifth-avenue branch. Several per sons were injured, but none seriously. FREIGHT THIEVES. Charles Kelly was arrested yesterday afternoon by Special Officer Bradley of the Fitchburg railroad, while in the act of carrying off a bushel of wheat from one of the freight cars in the lower freight yard, near Somerville avenue. Another fellow was with Kelly, and he was seized by one of the freight clerks. The clerk, however, soon released him, as he received a well directed blow In the face from the fellow, who made good his escape. Bradley held on to Kelly, and sent him to the Somerville police station. In court today before Judge Story he was sentenced to two months in the House of Correction. GLIDDEN IS SECRETARY Charles H. Glidden, State House re porter for the Boston Journal, has been appointed assistant secretary of the Re publican Club of Mt i-sachusetts. to suc ceed Edward C. Mai sfield, recently ap pointed assistant postmaster. Mr. Glid dens nomination was made at a meet ing of the executive committee of the club, held yesterday afternoon, by Be re tary A. P. Gardner, and was unanimous ly confirmed by the ccmmittea. He re sides in Malden. FRIDAY. JANUARY 19, 1960. ? MR. ROCKEFELLER —As an impartial witness I will say that trusts are beneficial. a. a. a a a a a a x . . . a . . a  VACCINATION IN MALDEN Smallpox May Have Been Brought From Everett. The Malden Board of Health has or dered free vaccination. Odd Fellows Hall, 411 Main street, has been .tecured, and from 2 to 4 dally all who present themselves will be vaccinated free of charge. This is done at the solicitation of many of the citizens. The work of f r ee vaccination will continue every day un til the end of the month. This vacci nation is not compulsory. A notice pub lished In the local papers recommends all citizens to avail themselves of the opportunity and thereby prepare them selves to ward oft the dread disease The suspicious case has been definite ly diagnosed as a case of smallpox, and the child has been isolated. Th;s is the first case of smallpox that Malden has had since 1872. The citizens are indignant at the slow work of the boaid of health. This body was divided as to what the disease really was. The afflicted child, the 4-year-old son of Charles H. Ostler of 260 Cross street, is doing very well today, and is expect ed to recover. The other five children are being watched. The board of health has ordered the Lincoln and the kindergarten schools closed and disinfected. Cross street, where the child is sick, is not far from Everett, where small pox was rampant some months a H . Th. disease may have spread from this sec tion. although the Malden doctois seem to think it was spread from some old stamps which came to the Ostler house some weeks ago from Canada. The lack of unity in the Malden board of health is causing some uneasiness Citizens are wondering why the doctors composing the board of health are un able to diagnose a case of smallpox. FOUND GUILTY OF ARSON Yaffas Dastardly Act Im perilled 50 Lives. Isaac Yafta, charged with arson by setting fire to his dwelling house in Poplar street, was found guilty today In the Superior Court. Judge Sheldon will impose sentence latjr. Yalta's dastardly act imperilled the lives of over 50 persons who lived in the Poplar street house. PIGEON THIEVES. Pigeon thieves are beginning to give the Somerville police considerable trou ble. Nathaniel W. Leslie, purchasing agent for the New England Telephone Company, reports that some time last night his barn at 446 Medford street was entered and several pigeons of rare value stolen. Entrance was effected by breaking a pane of glass In a side win down and pushing back the catch. Mary Sanders a. Little Nell. PORTLAND. Me., Jan. 19.—A large and fashionable audiei.ee. which nearly filled Jefferson Theatre, witnessed with manifest Interest the initial production of Little Nell and the Marchioness. with Mary Sanders in the star part. The reception tendered to Mbs Sanders was more than cordial and the general ver dict was that she deserved the hearty and freqtent applause which greeted her at the various stages of the per formance. The performance in general was artistic and finished. Registered in Ililladelplila. PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 19—Prominent people registered at Hotel Lafayette from Boston Include Miss Storrow, J. A- Lord. Mrs. Deborgory, C. A. Pepper, H B Hallett, H. S. Schaefer, A. Hard ing, H. Wing. Jos. Forbush. PULMONINE. 35 cts. per Bottle. Your druggist baa It. Nothing like it FOR COUGHS AND COLDS. jaulB 2t TOOK HIM TO WIFES ROOM Now the King of the Rookery is Sentenced for Robbing Nugent. In the Roxbury court today Charles Maxwell, colored, "the king of the rookery, was fined 5 for drunkenness and was sentenced to four months at the House of Correction for the larceny of an overcoat, the property of Michael Nugent. The case caused quite a sensation in the court, as all of the principal per sonages from the "rookery, otherwise known as Toevens place, appeared to give testimony. It seems that Nugent, a painer, was Invited by Maxwell to his chambers in the "rookery. When Nugent went in he claimed he wore a light overcoat, a jag and 9.60. When he came out Sun day morning he testified that all were missing. The wife of the defendant, otherwise known as the rookery queen," claimed that Nugent came into her rooms with her husband. Her testimony, like that of "Lady Washington," was very much cgln Charlie, or rather the' judge thought so, for he sentenced the un crowned king of the rookery to the salt breezes of Deer Island for four months. Charlie appealed and was held in 3OO. The arrest was made by Patrolman Bannister. THREE KILLED, BUFFALO, N. Y Jan. 10.—M. Daily, J. Kelley and H. Palmer, New York Central section men. were run down by a train at Crittenden during a heavy fog this morning, and killed. DURYEA DYING. ' NEW YORK. Jan. 19.—Walter D. Dur yea, who has beer, languishing since August last In Roosevelt Hospital, with a broken neck, and whose case has at tracted wide attention, is now reported to be dying. Scots Charitable Society. The annual meeting of the Scots Charitable Society was held last night at Young's Hotel. There were 100 mem bers present, when President Wemyss called the meeting to order. Secretary John Ballantyne, Jr., and Treasurer John J. Ixiudon read their reports. The following board was elected: George D. Wemyss, president; Duncan D. Rus sell, vice-president; John I. Loudon, treasurer. John Ballantyne, Jr., secre tary; James Henderson, assistant secre tary; David M. Balfour, trustee ceme tery lots; James B. Hill, P. H. Law son, auditors; Rev. George C. Ixrimer, chaplain; R. E. May and P. Patterson, relief committee for three years; Dr. Robert Provan, physician; James Stew art, chairman of relief committee. Dinner to Mayor Hart. Hon. Joshua B. Holden last evening gave a dinner to Mayor Thomas N. Hart at his home. 1 Gloucester, street. Mr. Holden invited 20 neighbors and friends of nis and of the mayor to dine with his honor. "I never saw a man of more confid ing disposition than Barber. "Thats Barber all right. Why, he even believes his own lies. HE BEGINS TO THINK HE HAS BEEN FOOLED. —Chicago Record. ILAST426JOP. M. TO THE RESCUE Boer Forces 