NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 23, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: g158js957
---
USE TRAVELER WANTS. THE prices of TRAVELER. Wants are the lowest; returns are the best. He aure your "ad it in SATURDAYS TRAVELER, and get a present free : : : ::::::: ONE CENT A WON. ESTABLISHED 1824. fovrriTTrKs F rol AU. MANKIND WSWNmNSV 38; HMKMO PLACg. ROJ MYBAeKYoiRs tliVfilOVguSlHl pS OVERCOATS AT slO  YuifftS fi?Cn 1 SKrvKPfifVg virwiLLVyroW Cntihe SfOCK OF to-A I2SUIT e A 1 P YCTcoms muriMw emKAPn  FUNERAL OF i MRS. MONAHAN Victim of the Subway Ac cident Laid at Rest In Watertown Cemetery In the quiet parish cemetery of St. Patricks Church. Watertown, all that was mortal of Mrs. Patrick Monahan, who was killed in the Subway on Tues day, was laid at rest. The scene at the horns of Patrick Mon ahan this morning was sad In the ex treme. The curtains had been drawn and the lights In the rooms burned dimly. The heartbroken father and hus band was completely overcome with his great grief, and the little children, bereft of a mother's care and love, scarcely understanding the hush and silently moving forms as the duties of the household were attended to, clung frightened and wondering to the skirts of the neighbors and refused to be com forted. In the parlor ercloeed In a casket of dull black, lay the body of the mother, who but a few days before had laughed and played about the house as she at tended to the duties of her home that today were the concern of strangers. The services in the house were short and simple. One by one the rooms be gan to nil with rose who had known the dead woman and whose regret for the friend they i d lost and whose sor row for the littlXmily bereaved today was sincere. The had called to pay a tribute to her memory. One by one they passed before the bier and only the sobs that came from full hearts told of the grief that all felt, sobs that echoed in sympathetic recognition of the grief of the little family and spoke a desire to lessen its intensity by sharing it with the stricken ones. There was no lavish display of flowers, an occasional rose carelessly plaoni on the shroud was the on bit of color that relieved the sombre outlines of th a sleeper upon the bier. Simplicity and sincerity marked the services at the house. A spoken word, a whispered prayer were all that was needed to express the grief for the one gone on before and certainty of the hap piness surely attained. Soon the mourners gathered In little groups without the room in which the dead lay. and the father with his little GYPSY MOTH INVESTIGATION. We are reminded by the evidence brought out at the hearings of the two men who entered into partner ship to sell salve. One got the itch and went ahead, while the other fol lowed and sold the salve to cure it. Scratching continues, though, with the poor farmer, whose thin soil yields but a pittance, and what the bugs dont take the bug hunters eat up in the way of taxes for chasing them. Now if there is consolation in using anything we have to sell c me in and get it. We sell a tine, pure ( alifor nia Wine for l.OO per gallon— ; Fort, Sherry, Angelica, Muscatel and . Catawba. Cushing Medical Supply Cat, 680 Washington Street, Boston.  75,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST! 'W motherless children passed into the room for the farewell to the one they loved so well. Manfully restraining his sorrow from completely overcoming him. he gazed on the face now peacefully beautiful in Its death repose, and gathered his little ones about him as he looked for the last time upon this earth on the face of a loved one who had been the sure and faithful companion of his married life. Big-eyed the little ones shrunk close to the father's side as he gazed down upon the bier, tears starting from their gentle eyes without the knowledge of why it should be so. Then the father led his motherless babes away and the cover was drawn over the mother face below, shutting its story out from mor tal ken forever. A moment later the long row of car riages wound its way to the Church of St. Patrick with their burdens of sor row and uncontrollable grief. Indeed, the grief in Watertown is universal and the horror of the death of Mrs. Mona han has filled the people who knew her and those who know of her untimely death with resentment against the con ditions that have made the sorrow of an entire city possible. At the church the scene was solemnly Impressive. The beautiful symbolism of the celebration of requiem high mass for the repose of a passing soul was said by Rev. Father John S. Cullen, rec tor of St. Patricks Church. Some time before the hour set for the services at the church. 9 oclock, the bell tolling its sad summons on the heavy air called many friends of the dead woman to the little church. In slow file the funeral cortege ap proached the church, and the body was borne through an aisle of mourners to Its place before the altar by the bear ers, Patrick Oaks. Michael Halloran, Michael Vahey, J. E. Welch. J. Sheehan and John Quinn, business associates of Mr. Monahan. The church was filled by the time the sympathetic notes of the organ sound ed through the hush of the church, and but few eyes were dry as Father Cullen spoke the words of comfort to the be reaved, assuring them of the beautiful life their dear one had but exchanged for the one more beautiful. She had but slipped away for a while when the shad ows were falling toward the West and would come again when the morn of the eternal life was dawning. The mass had been finished. Again the sad marh to the city of the dead was taken up. After the last clod of earth had been thrown on the grave the father turned from the mound that held her he loved most and loved best to take up lifes tangled skein, but this time alone. A  is a dollar earned. We _ _ _ save you many dollars SAVED on your purchases. BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 to 72 Hanover Street. Wdon traveler LAST J  t   6.30 P. M. DISASTERS ROBERTS? London, Feb. 9th. —It is understood that Gen. Buller, by methods not explained, has succeeded in throwing more pro visions into Ladysmith. -Minneapolis Times. AN INSULT TU GENERAL COURT Purposely Garbled Sum mary of Annual Report by Metropolitan Water Board. ITS INCOMPETENCE IS REVEALED In Fifteen Years or Less the Ex pensive System Will Be Inadequate The proposed water supply of Boston and the great metropolitan district, now inhabited by 800,000 people, will be used to Its full capacity In loft years. The Metropolitan Water Board ha expended 18,833,851.52 of the 27,000,000 appropriated in 1896. The balance of 8,856,138.48 will not. It Is believed, complete the work at pres ent planned. After expending thia enormous sum of 27,000,000, the people of the district will be but little nearer a sufficient water supply than they were before a single dollar of their money was used by the Metropolitan Water Board. These are startling statements, but they are proved by the Water Board Itself, if the consumption of water in creases in the future as it has for the past four years. Who can say that it will not? The Metropolitan Water Board pre pared and sent to the press last Tues day an abstract from their annual re port to the Legislature. The report it self was not presented to the LeglslaThose extracts were sent out for the ture, and has not been to this time. PROVISIONING LADYSMITH. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 23, 1900. purpose, It would seem, of Influencing public opinion in its favor before the investigating committee geta to work. This was a direct insult to every member of the Legislature. It was a contempt of the authority of the General Court. Hon. Henry H. Spragu, an ex-presi dent of the State Senate, elected aresi dent by 20 Democrats and 20 Republi cans; Hon. Wilmot R. Evans, president of the Winthrop National Bank, and Dr. Henry P. Walcott, chairman of the Stats Board of Health, who compose the Metropolitan Water Board, might be brought before the bar of the House for contempt. If a matter of this nature had been pending before the Superior Court and a jury, and Judge Sherman had been on the bench, and these men had attempted to influence the jury by causing to be circulated such statements as were sent out in this abstract he would have had them all in jail for contsmpt of court before this. It was only a few weeks ago that a plaintiff in a cause pending in bhe Su perior Court was punished for contempt for causing to be published a declara tion on file in the case, a nA arguments thereon. Are these three eminent gentlemen to (Continued on Third PageJ MASONIC TEMPLE BURNED Great Fire in London Destroys Other Prop erty, Also. LONDON, Ont., Feb. 23.—The Masonic Temple was destroyed by fire today Nothing remains but the walls. The Grat Northwestern telegraph office. Sheas wholesale liquor store, the head office of the Northern Life Assur ance Ccmpany, Park 38; Purdom, bar risters; Roath Bros, and C. E. Turner, broker; F. H. Butler, broker; Keene Furniture Company, the Grand Opera House, R. G. Dun 38; Co. and the Do minion Loan and Savings Company's place are all In ruins. The Masonic Temple was the finest structure in the city. The loss will be in the neighborhood of 2,000,000. The fire is said to have originated on the stage of the opera house. GATE CITY IS BANGED NEW YORK, Feb. 23.—The steamship Gate City, of the Ocean Steamship Com pany from Savannah to Boston, which was stranded at East Moriches, L. 1., on Feb. 8. has been drivsn harder on the beach by the storm. The vessel Is flooded with water and her cabins have been smashed in by the heavy seas. Wreckers are hard at work trying to keep down the water with steam pumps. The prospects of floating the vessel soon are not good. POLICE FIND STULEN BIRUS In the arrest of Seth Harlow, the Somerville police believe that they have the person who is responsible for the numerous larcenies of pigeons. During the past few weeks owners of valuable species of pigeons have complained that several of their most costly birds have been stolen. Yesterday afternoon Ser geant Carter, accompanied by G. H. Middleton of Woverley, paid a visit to Harlow's residence, 5 Everett street, Somerville, where Mr. Middleton Iden tified many of bis pigeons that have taken prizes in London and the United States. Harlow was placed under arrest on charge of receiving stolen property. In court today Harlows case was con tinued until March 1. .NED OWNELL DEAD Edward O'Donnell, secretary of the Centrad Labor Union of Boston and vl olrelty, died at his home, 145 Moreland street, Roxbury, at 7 yesterday mornFor the past eight years Mr. ODon nell has been in ill-health, and early in the winter, on advice of several friends, he and his family went South. After a sojourn In North Carolina otf nearly two months, upon the advice of his physi cians, he returned to thia city a few Mr. 3 ODonnell was one of the fore most trade unionists of Boston. He was born In Clare, Ire., about 50 vears ago. Because of his connection with the Irish national movement he was compelled to seek refuge in this country, about 25 years ago. Being a practical printer he secured a position In a weekly paper in Paterson, N.J., and afterward became its associate editor, serving under the veteran labor re former, J. P. McDonnell. He was for a considerable period also associate ed itor of the Irish World. About 1885 he came to this city and attached himself to Typographical Union 13, of which organisation he has been a prominent member, representing It as a delegate to the Central Labor Union ever since he joined it. For the past seven years he has been secretary of the Central Labor Union, having been unanimously elected to that posi tion 14 consecutive terms. He lias been labor editor of the Post for the past six years. He married in this city, and leaves a wife and five small children, the oldest eight. The funeral will be held at St. Pat ricks Church. Roxbury, at 9 tomor row morning There will be a meeting of the Cen tral Labor Union at 8 tonight at Weils Memorial Hall, to taae action on the death of Secretary Edward ODonnell. Reports the Black Watch and Another Regiment Arc Wiped Out. CRONJE PROBABLY HOLDS ON NEW YORK, Feb. 23. —The World says that a disaster like that at Magersfontein has overtaken Lord Roberts com mand, according to rumors in London. The famous Black Watch and another regiment are said to have been nearly wiped out. Lord Roberts report as published says the Boers have been scattered in all directions, but London war experts sus pect that it was edited at .he war office. PARIS, Feb. 23. —The papers today print an undated Berlin despatch saying that General Roberts has been defeat ed for want of sufficient guns. RUMOR THAT CRONJE HAS YIELDED. NEW YORK, Feb. 23. —The Tribune has a bulletin dated London stating that the Daily News second edition says Cronje has surrendered. BRITISH REPULSED AT TUGELA. HOOFD LAAGER. Ladysmith. Wednesday Feb. 21.—There was heavy fighting all Monday and Tuesday, and it still continues since early this morn ing Our officers hope to dislodge the British from their position. Last night a lot of British troops tried to cross the river, but were beaten back with heavy loss. Our loss was slight. Our positions ar- being bombarded from Ladysmith, at a point where the Klip rivet pusses through the hills. Our Long Tom is replying with good effect . PRETORIA. Feb. 22—Heavy fighting has been renewed on the Tugela, and General Buller has again been repulsed. 146 ENGLISH KILLED. LONDON, Feb. 23.—The official report gives 146 men killed at Paardeberg Drift Sunday, Feb. 18, including 63 H.ghlanders and 18 Canadians. COLESBERG BOERS RETIRING. ARUNDEL, Thursday, Feb. 22 (Evening).—Colonel Hendersons squadron of the Inniskillings with two guns reconnoitered westward to Moolfontein Farm on the direct road to Colesberg and Hanover. They got close to the Boers in the hills and were fired on. They quick ly got their guns in position and shelled the hills. Eventually the Boers were driven out, retiring northward when they came under fire of two other guns supported by a company of Australian near the British western post on Dragoon Hill. Colonel Henderson proceeded to Moolfontein Farm which he now occu pies. The British patrols from Hanover also came out that far. The Boers are not In great force. They have been persistently followed all day long and have withdrawn a considerable distance northward CRONJES TERBI3LE POSITION. PAARDEBERG DRIFT. Orange F ree State Tuesday, Feb. 20.— General Cronjes magnificent night march from Magersfontein now appears likely to end in disaster. The main body of the Boers is enclosed in a terrible (Continued on Last Page.) OCEAN LINER ASHORE DOVER. Eng., Feb. 23.—A large steamer, apparently an ocean Uner, is ashore on the Goodwin sands. thTweather. Fair, Cloudy Tomorrow. WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.—Fur New England—Fair tonight; increasing cloud iness Saturday; high but diminishing northwesterly winds. It is one orf the peculiarities of the laws of Denmark that the crown must be worn by a Christian and a