NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 14, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: gf06pc78t
---
W A NEW LEADER IN THE TRAVELERS GREAT POPULAR VOTING CONTEST 'W 50,000 MARK IS PASSED, ESTABLISHED 1824. WINNIE ALDEN MURDERED? Parents of Missing Malden Girl Fear That She Has Met Foul Play WAS A MODEL DAUGHTER VThere is Annie Wlnnifred Alden, the missing Malden maiden? This is a question that has been pro pounded time and again in the vicinity of the young womans home the past few days, and as many times left un answered. The parents of the missing girt are distracted. Without doubt it is the strangest disappearance that ever oc curred In Malden. Theories have been advanced, but in no case has a single fact been obtained in regard to her going. The pdlce have exercised thedr best efforts to And the girl. Now her father comes forward with an offer of a re ward for any Information that will lead to the discovery of the whereabouts of his daughter since Feb. 6. Mr. Alden does not believe his daugh ter deserted the ones she loved of her own free will. There are many circum stanoe at hand which sustain that belief, too. The girl has a snug bank account, If she had planned running away, she certainly would have drawn her money. Another thing which strengthens the father's conviction is the fact that Winnies best wearing apparel hangs in her room in her home in Kimball street. At the time of her disappearance she was clad only In her working clothes. If she intended deserting her folks it Is only fair to argue that she would SAY ENGINEER WASJIRUNK The Hearing on the Charges Against tne Manuense. BAN FRANCISCO. Feb. IA-The In vestigation into the charges preferred against Chief Engineer William McDon ald. of the British steamer Manuense by James Barnson. the captain of the vessel, was continued by the naval court of inquiry yesterday. Several witnesses foi the prosecution gave testimony tending to substantiate the charges of drunkenness lodged aga.nst the chief engineer. The defense spent the remainder of the session in trying to establish the fact that the steamer was out of repair when she left this port at the beginning of the trin and undermanned to such an extent that It was impossible for the engineer to keep the machinery In order, to say nothing about keeping the vessel clev n. thFweather. Falrt Snow Tomorrow. WASHINGTON. Feb. 14—For Rhode Island, Connecticut and Eastern New York: Increasing cloudiness tonight; rain or snow Thursday; fresh north westerly shifting to easterly winds. For Maine, New Hampshire and Ver mont: Fair and colder tonight; cloudy and warmer Thursday; diminishing northwesterly winds. For Massachusetts: Fair tonight, with colder In eastern portions: Thursday, increasing cloudiness and snow or rain; northwesterly winds, becoming variable. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream (Registered.) h being used extensively by the lead ing physicians of Boston, who highly indorse the same because of its follow ing excellent qualities: let. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream does not mase hair grow on the face. M. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will not be come rancid. Bd. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will present the face and hands from chapping If ueed night and morning. 4th. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will remove blackheads, pimples and freckles. th. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream does not co' aln either lard or vaseline. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream can be bought at all toilet counters at the fol lowing price: 1 os. jar. 10 cts.; 4 o. jar. 25 ct.; 1 lb. jar. 75 eta. Manufactured by PAVL C. KLEIN. Chem ist, cor. Boylston and Tremont sts., Boston: WEEKS A POTTER. Wholesale Agents. 360 Washington st., Boston, Maes. 100 Blanks French Iron Pills (5 gri.) 23a. By mail. 28c. 50 Effenesce.' Llthia Tablets 6 grs. each) 19c ly mail. 24c. Kleins Pharmacy, Cor. Boylston and Tremont Sts., _ (Opp. Touralna.) BOSTON. TRAVELERS . . . Greatest and . Most Popular Vot ing Contest breaks all records. . . . See on other pages. have taken her best clothes with her. Furthermore, she was engaged to marry a young man, for whom she showed a marked preference. She had a good position in the office of the local newspaper, and her em ployers considered her a model young Lady in every respect. The father was seen at police head quarters today by a TRAVELER re porter. In a tremulous voice he told the story of Winnie's disappearance. She arrived home about 6 oclock that evening, h began. "She acted the same as usual, being in the best of spirits. We had supper a few minutes before 7 oclock. About 7.30 she put on her working jacket with the remark that she was going to make a short call on a girl friend. Then she walked over to where I sat and kissed me. That was an old habit. She always kissed me when she was going out. "I should say it wtu about 8.45 that she went out. I have never seen her since. I fear that her mother will go insane. "Winnie was always  loving, obedi ent child. She kepi regular hours and was never out nights Except when she went to the theatres or dances and then she was accompanied by the young man to whom she was engaged to be mar ried. "My brain is befuddled trying to And a cause for her absence. Sometime I think that she wan murdered In some lonely spot near Everett, and sometimes I think that she was kidnapped. She is a very beautiful girl. It was only a short time ago that she celebrated her 19th birthday. "I would give every dollar I possess to hear one word from her. I now think she is dead, or kept a prisoner somewhere and Is prevented from in forming us of her whereabouts. EDGAR STOLE PAPA'S WIFE New York Man is Looking For His Son, Spouse and Money. NEW YORK, Feb. 14.—Samuel Tress ler, aged 66 years, a farmer residing near Ursina, Somerset county, is look ing for his 17-year-old wife, his son, aged 20, and SSOO, says a Johnstown, Pa., despatch to the World. Tressler married the girl not long since. Tresslers eldest son, Edgar, became enamored of his step-motnar, and an elopement was planned and success fully carried out. When the young couple disappeared 1800 cash, belonging to the deserted husband and father, went with them. SISTER DOROTHY WAS DESERTED NEW YORK. Feb. 14.—Sister Dorothy of Syracuse, who some time ago re nounced her religion to become the wife of E. Harry Edmunds an undertaker, expected last night to hold a wedding reception, at which the marriage was to be formally announced. Edmunds, however, failed to come, and it is said he lr in St. Paul. In speaking of the matter, Bister Dorothy said last evening: Today was set for the announce ment of our marriage. There was to be a reception at Mrs. W. K. Pierce's. I don't know what to do. It places me in an awful position. You see, people will think that he went away because he did not want to marry me. Now, we were married three or four weeks ago in Rochester by Rev Henry H. Stebbins. If people knew that they would think differently. 19 HORSES BURNED. HALLOWEEL. Me.. Feb. 14.—Nineteen valuable team horsee were burned, together with 15 tons of hay and considerable arable paraphernalia, in a Ore which occurred 1n tihe large stable. belonging to the Hallowell Cranite Works, early yesterday morning. The low la estimated at 6OOO. partly covered by Insurance. FOR FEBRUARY ONLY. PARLOR SUITES Cl nnoowN Q I i U U Per Week Other Goods on Same Easy Terms for This Month Only. EVERY!H NGTo ?UR lISH T HOME ON EASY TERMS. A HOLMES, LUCE38;CO. (SnoceMora to C. H. ROBINSON i 0 )., 140 Washington St. XX W "totem (Traveler LAST   i   6.30 P. M. MODDER BATTLE ON FIERCE ATTACK ON POLICE BOARD Licenses Go By Favor and Transfers Are Sold, Bord man Hall Tells the Legislature. OFFICERS ARE INCOMPETENT At the hearing before the Committee on Liquor Law to day the Boston Police Board was accused of issuing licenses by favor and transferring the same for pay. It was charged that the board was controlled by a ring and dominated by breweries. Incompetency and worse is charged against the Boston police department. The CVrmTnrlttee on Liquor Laws gave a hearing this morning on the petitions of Isaac P. Hutchinson and others, pro viding for tihe appointment of a Po lice CorumJesioner and a Board of Ex cise Commissioners for Boston. Representative Whall of Boston In troduced Bondman Hall, who said he did not believe that a force of police, a quasd-milltary organization, should have the right to dispense favors that might bring It under a cloud. We should have two separate boards or commissions. "Today there Is a feeling hi the force that things are not right ait headquar ters; a certain few can go to the com missioners and get what they want. In Dorchester an applicant for a license was refused, but within a few weeks he had obtained it. Patrolmen have been discharged and then re-instated, without any apparent cause. Not ve-y long ago a judge of one of the courts said that certain patrolmen had lied all through a case. General Martin had gone out of the office as poor as he went in. It is the Inevitable result that the commission should have deteriora ted. Mr. Hall said he thought the pro posed bill would be the best thing for the liquor dealers. No oltlcer shall serve on the liquor squad under the ex cise board for more than 30 days at a time. under the proposed bill. The present Board of Police have dealt with the question in an improper manner. Saloons have been bunched to gether. Licenses have been granted as personal favors. It is a mistake to issue licenses to broken-down political hacks. It is not the Democratic party that has been favored. Any party that will take up this Question will make a success. Saloons should not be foisted upon any portion of the city, but the saloon-keep er should be protected, said Mr. Hall. He thought there was a general de mand in Boston for the proposed legis lation. The paid counsel for the Police Board had come up to the State House and told a legislator who favored the passage of this act that he need expect no more favors from the board. The matter had been brought to the atten tion of the attorney-general who forced the man to retire. "Any dealer who wished a ransfer of his license went to a man on Atlantic avenue and paid him and the transfer was made. Mr. Hall said the salaries of the com missioners was too small; they could not live on their present salaries as they were compelled to. All licenses should be taken from the Board of Aidermen and given to the proposed board. Representative Emerson of Boston said the giving of licenses should be by a board that had time to look into the sublect. Expense was not to be considered. It was the general opinion that the present board was controlled by a ring, he said. Rev. W. A. Thurston of South Boston urged the passage of the bill, and spoke of the large number of saloons crowded into that part of the city. George H. Morse said he thought the bill should be passed. The present board seemed to be dominated by the breweries. It would be better to have a one-man commission, as then It would be easier to place the blame then. Representative Whall of Boston said that Mayor Hart favored the proposed legislation. Various liquor dealers would appear in favor, but they knew it would cost them their license. The brewers control the licenses of one-third of the liquor dealers today. "Politics are played with every board. Of late the Police Department has been running WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14. 1900. down hill. In the Hanlon case, where no legal point was involved, It took months for the board to make a de cision. Mr. Whall said It should be a bi partisan board of four members. May or Hart had told him he thought the mayor had better appoint the board. "If it was not for General Martin. Mr. Whall said, "the Dorchester dis trict would be overrun with licenses. John P. Martin appeared in opposition a sa citizen of Boston. The City had already had an excise board, which did not last long. Though the personnel of the board may not be liked by everybody, there is a business proposition to be consid ered. A change In the board means an entire change in tne granting of li censes. You will And the same men who are urging this bill will later be urging the governor to appoint men se lected by them. Mr. Martin said the change would take away the franchise of the liquor dealers. The change is urged by some who do not believe in granting any liquor license at all. There has been no temperance movement today that has done so much good as the present liquor law. He disputed the assertions that Boston waa run by a nest of poli tician. "Home rule will prevail in Bos ton, he said. "Legislation will not change men in trying to get something In return for their political influence. D. F. Mahoney of South Boston said that the Hanlon case decision being de layed was due to the personnel of the board. Mi sb Eva M. Brown objected to the bill on the ground that it did not con tain a clause prohibiting the members of the board from engaging in other business. A CORNER IN OLIVE OIL CHICAGO, Feb. 14.—The Record says: Big holders of olive oil are attempting to corner the output for this year. The gross amounts of last years production was only about 50 per cent of that of former years, and this shortage will have a tendency to make th a price of the real article ascend. Cablegrams have been received in Chicago giving the "tip that America holds the key to the olive oil situation The price has advanced 20 cents a gallon over the price of two weeks ago. Twentieth Century Club. Colons 1 T. W. Higginson will address the Twentieth Century Club this even ing at 7.45 o'clock in the hall of the Boston University Law School, Ashbur ton place. He will talk on Freedom. Each member has the privilege of in vit 1 ng two guests to the lecture. GYPSY MOTH INVESTIGATION. We are reminded by the evidence brought out at tue hearings of the two men who entered into partnership to sell salve. One got the itch and went ahead, while the other followed and sold the salve to cure it. Scratching continues though with the poor farmer whose thin soil yields but a pittance, and what the bug dont take the bug hunters eat up in the way of taxes for chasing them. Now if there is consolation in using anything we have to sell come in and get it We sell a fine, pure Califor nia Wine for l.OO per gallon— Port, Sherry, Angelica, Muscatel and Catawba. Lushing Medical Supply Co., 580 Washington Street, HE WAS A WALKING RANK Old Sam Beswick Carried Thousands in his Clothes DIED A CHARITY PATIENT CHICAGO, Feb. 14.—The death n Sunday of Sam Beswick, an old and well-known character on the open Board of Trade, and a charity patient In the Baptiat Hospital, waa followed by a queer discovery cm the part of the hospital authorities His old and tattered clothing was found literally lined with gold and sil ver certificates, and sewed behind an Inner vest pocket 15 lOO bills were found. Among the bills was a slip of paper on which was scribbled, "Put in In 1896. Currency amounting to 2035 was found hidden away in the linings of his coat and vest. Bonds and real estate mortgages thought to be worth about 3OOO were discovered sewed insid