NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 08, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: gh93q773f
---
335,000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST - SEE PAGE 5. "WB TRIP TO PARIS EXPOSITION FREE. Watch THE TRAVELERS Voting Con test for Bostons Most Popular Saleswomen or Salesmen. TRIPTO JAMAICA FREE. ESTABLISHED 1824. MOTH FIGURES WERE JUGGLED Colbert Says Employees of the Commission Made Dishonest Returns. The hearing before the special gypsy moth investigating committe was con tinued this morning. W. S. Frost of Belmont found the moths in places where the employees of the commission had said there were none. He thought the moths must have been distributed by the employees of the gypsy moth committee, otherwise he could not explain their presence in certain places. Charles A. Loud said that in the dis trict said to be infested for six years he had never seen but two gypsy moths. The cankerworm had devasta ted his orchard and a picture of his orchard had been taken to show the damage done by the moths. He had rever seen any damage done by the meths. J. J. Colbert of Arlington, employed by the gypsy moth commission since April. 1893, said that on March 9. 1899, Superintendent Williams of the northern division came to his house and asked him to circulate a pettition in favor of cortinuing the work. Representative Crcsby of Arlington was opposed to the appropriation, and the petition. Super interdent Williams said, would give him e black eye. C. G. Galloupe of Somer ville came to him with a message from Superintendent Forbush, asking him to assist in circulating the petition and prsomiing if he did so to appoint friends of his on the work. Superintendent Wil liams told him he had given a petition to ex-Representative Mead of Lexington that was to have been handed to Mrs. Frost if be opposed the appropriation in the House. Messrs. Williams, McKee. Galloupe and J. R. Farley were engaged in this political work on the states time. Superintendent Minot had ordered him to see Senator Bailey and shut him off in his opposition. He had not done so. _ In the Burlington colony 60,000 nests were reported, but actually there were at least 180,000. Evidences of this had been destroyed by' peeling the bark from the nine trees. Tn Arlington in 1899 he was sure there were more moths than at any time since the commence ment of the Work. He was sure there had been a systematic method of JugTHE TRAVELER APOLOGIZES In the article headed Edward Saw he Pictures, which appeared in a re cent issue of THE TRAVELER, cer tain statements were made concerning a Mrs. McKnight of Roxbury, who was a witness in the Roxbury court. On in vestigation THE TRAVELER has learned that the statements concerning Mrs. McKnight are untrue. No such testimony as reported was given in court, and THE TRAVELER regrets that it was falsely led to publish a jnalipr.ing ardcle. THE TRAVELER, therefore, tenders an apology to Mrs. McKnight, who has been caused no little suffering by the imputations. U. S. PRISONERS ESCAPE IN JAPAN VICTORIA, B. C Feb. B.—At Nagas aki. Sunday, January 14, 18 prisoners on board the American transport Meade escaped from the ship during a religious service, which was being held for their moral improvement. Unnoticed they dropped into small boats at the stem of the steamer and inade thoir way into the interior. Six, however, surrendered three days later, and two were captured by the Japanese police at a village 30 miles from Nagasaki. The remaining 10 were still at large when the Empress of China sailed for Vancouver. .WANT FUNDS FOR WASHINGTON STATUE NEW YORK, Feb. B.—The women of the Washington Statue Association have just Issued their last appeal for contributions toward the completion of the pedestal for the Washington statue which is to be presented to France some time this year. 1 The statue itself has been fully paid for. and funds are in hand for about j one-half the cost of the pedestal, but  several thousand dollars are still need ed. TO SELL OAKLAWN The will of the late Francis B. Hayes was again before the Supreme Judicial Court today. Mr. Warner, counsel for the Massachusetts Horticultural So ciety, asked Judge Knowlton that an order be granted ordering the trustees under the will to sell the establishment Oaklawn, Lexington. Counsel argued that the expenses of keeping the estab ment were much more than the in come. His honor ordered the decree to be entered. Tut key Dinner Strio Soup, Fish, Turkey with Cranberry Sauce nd Cliy, Vegetable, One Entree, Pie and Pudding, m. Coffee or Milk. 35 and 37A  Am AUK. Curtiz, Prop. feM-St gling figures In the work. For four years the men have not been honest in returning figures. In regard to a colony in Oakland ave nue, Mr. Colbert said C. G. Galloupe, a special inspector, had made false re turns, and he had written to Mr. For bush about it, and Mr. Galloupe had been discharged. Special Agent O. A. Hubbard told him if he would take Representative Crosby and show him the work, he might have a horse and team at the expense of the committee. Supt. Williams told Im that he and John Sweeney had worked the Wo burn board of aidermen for the reso lutions favoring the gypsy moth work. The selectmen of other towns had been worked in the same way. Mr. Colbert told of various cases and especially of a colony in Woburn which he believed had been planted and fos tered. He had seen the superintendent of the western division coming from whre the colony was discovered a short time before the discovery was made. Supt. Williams had asked him to at tend a meeting in Winchester. The meeting was packed with employee? of the board, only a few outsiders being present. Thomas F. Doyle of Medford, an employee of the department, was given time by his superiors to get men to that meeting. Colbert thought the extermination of the moth was impossible. It was too easily transplanted. The experts have been shown exhibition colonies. The men always received notice of such visits before they were made. He had never seen a colony totally exterminat ed. Mr. Colbert said he had been asked by C. G. Galloupe to reduce his report of the number of nests found. It was for the interest of the appropriation to have a small number shown. The men were Instructed to be exceptionally busy when the Committee on Agricul ture made its visit to Medford last February. There had always been talk among the men that there was a distributing committee, he said. In answer to Mrs. Pratt of the com mittee. Mr. Colbert said he knew the penalty for distributing the moih. but still believed colonies had been planted. The hearing was adjourned to to morrow at 10 oclock in room 431. THE NEW NAVY FOR GERMANY First Reading of the Bill That Will Make Her a Great Power. BERLIN, Fdb. B.—The first reading of the naval bill took place in the Reichstag today. The house and gal leries were crowded. A photographic apparatus was con spicuous in the gallery for the purpose of reproducing the historic scene. Admiral Tirpitz, in introducing the bill, said the historical events of the last two years had spoken in such clear language that the necessity for a strong fleet for Germany had been recognized in ever widening circles in the country. The discrepancy between Germanys naval power and that of other coun tries was so great that the Federal gov ernment saw therein a distinct danger if allowed to continue. Indeed, the dan ger appeared all the greater as the commercial competition of the world, according to all calculations, would be come more severe during the next decade. CHINESE WINK AT A MURUER VANCOUVER. B. C.. Feb. B.—The steamer Empress of Chirva arrived to day from Yokohama with details of the murder of Rev S M. Brooke in Shan tung. An imperial decree, dated Jan. 4, mildly condemns the outrage and crit icises the officials whose lack of ad ministration made the coolies believe the assassination would be acceptable to the authorities. The China brings news of the death of the mother of the Japanese em peror, Nil-No-Tsubone, Jan. 15. News is also brought that Miller, the American convicted of the murder of a Japanese woman in Blood Town, Yo kohama, was executed on the 16th. A BLIZZARD IN NEBRASKA OHAMA, Neb., Feb. B.—The storm which began last night has assumed the proportions of a blizzard and is still raging. Street traffic in the city is con siderably delayed, though not suspend ed. No damage has been yet reported on the cattle ranges. (anght in an Elevator. Morris Mendoza 16, of 167 Athens street, South Boston, is at the Emergency Hospital suffering from severe contusions to the right leg and arm. He was sought in an Essex stresc alsvator yesterday afternoon. Che Boston traveler. LAST 6.30 P. M. SSL M KI U 10 W Bl LAWTONS BODY IS IN STATE Arrival of the Dead Heros Funeral Train. WASHINGTON. Feb. B.—The train bearing the remains of General Henry W. Lawton completed its trip across the continent at 9.30 this morning, when it rolled through banks of mDt into the Pennsylvania railroad station. Adjutant-General Corbin met the party at the depot and Troop H, Third Cavalry, from Fort Myer, acted as es cort to the Church of the Covenant, where General Lawton's remains will rest until the funeral at Arlington cem etery, tomorrow. Mrs. Lawton, her son Manley, and her three daughters were the first to enter carriages. Mrs. Armstrong, widow of Major Armstrong, whose remains are also to be Interred at Arlington, fol lowed, and General Shafter, with his aids, Lieutenant E. T. Wilson and Colonel C. Edwards, were next conveyed from the station. The massive casket, draped with the national colors, and covered with flow ers. was then carried to the hearse by soldiers of the Fourth Cavalry and Fourteenth Infantry, who accompanied the funeral party on the special train. The cortege then moved slowly to the Church of the Covenant. AN INDIANA HOVE FOR RICHARD OLNEY INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Feb. 8. — A movement is on foot among the Indiana Democrats to sidetrack William Jen nings Bryan and concentrate on Rich ard Olney for the presidential nomina tion. The movement progressed so far that some of the most active loaders In the party are pledged to it. It became known today that Mayor Taggart at tended a conference in New York last week, in which his aid was asked in the plan. Upon his return here he unfolded it to several Democrats and their hearty co-operation was secured at once. Th? reasons alleged for the change from Bryan to Olney are that Mr. Bryan htis refused absolutely to abandon tree silver and confine the campaign to other and more important issues, and that he has said he would not bs satisfled with a simple reaffirmation of the Chicago platform, by a reference to it, but it must be set out in full in the next na tional platform. SMALL FIRES. The alarm from box 241 at 8.17 this morning was for a l5 fire In Benjamin F. Goldings tenement at 3 Moreland street. East Boston, caused by an ex ploding oil stove. Members of Engine Company 4 on a still alarm at 5.40 o'clock this morn ing extinguished a small blaze in Smith 38; Aldrich's spa at 107 Court street, caused by a kettle of fat taking fire. Loss 25. BUILDER ENJOINED In th equity session of the Supreme Court today, before Mr. Juwiice Knowl ton, an injunction was issued to re strain one Max Hurbtiz, the owner of a building in course of erection at the corner of Bu.rell and Batcheller streets, from further proceeding until the build ing laws have been complied with. Mr. Ogden of the firm of Whipple, Sears 38; Ogd?n, said that he had ad vised his client to take down such por tions of the building as do not conform to the requirements, and he asked the court to withhold any action until the building department has finally reported on the building. Mr. Childs of the city law department said he should not be satisfied with any thing less than the injunction asked for, as in similar cases it had been found difficult to k;ep the parties In court, the ownership having been turned over as many as 13 times in one case. His honor granted the injunction. Big Snow at Minneapolis. MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., Feb. B.—Min neapolis is experiencing the severest storin' of the winter. Shortly before midnight a light snow began falling, accompanied by a high wind ard low temperature. By daybreak the snow was close packed In deep drifts in some places, while the wind swept the ground bare n others. Business is at a standstill and all trains are late. THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 8, 1900. ' GENERAL LORD METHUEN. It Is Abont His Position On the Modder That the New .British Plan of Campaign is Centring. Cyclone Hits Hard At Collinsville, 111. INDIANAPOLIS. Feb. B.—A wind storm swept Western Indiana and Erst ern Illinois early this morning. Telephone and telegraph wires were seri ously affected. Telephone messages from the Western bonder of the state and from points in Illinois indicate that the storm was most terrific at Collinsville, 111., on the Vandalia railroad. The railroad officials who made an investigation through their local agents, were unable to verify the report of fatalities. The latest information was to the effect that several houses were de stroyed in Collinsville. One house, a telephone message says, was wrecked. Meagre reports from the territory north of Collinsville indicate that there must have been considerable loss of property, and, it Is feared, loss of life. Near the village of Cantane, 111.. a large farmhouse was completely de stroyed. The farmer aid the members of his family escaped. In the same locality a mite and a half of telegraph lines was blown down and much debris plied on the track of the Vandalia railroad. GOOD COFFEE I WAS BURNED India Square Fire Causes Loss of lO,OOO. A property and stock loss of about 810,000 was caused by a fire in the ware house of J. T. Glines 38; Co., 30 India street, corner of India square, about 3 oclock this morning. The building Is four stories, of brick, and is occupied almost entirely by J. T. Glines, coffee roasters and importers. On the upper floor, where the fire start ed, was stored a lot of raw coffee which was about to be roasted, of which the greater part was damaged by water. The flames burst through the roof, which was a seething mass when the lire department arrived. The tire was discovered by George Barton, a watch man on the Portland steamship wharf. An alarm was hurriedly sent in from Box 792 on India wharf at 2.28. Ten minutes later District Chief Garrity or dered a second alarm pulled in. The cause of the fire is unknown. BOSTON MAN WED. OGDENSBURG. N. Y Feb. B.—At St. John's Episcopal Church last night Miss Frances Louise Eddy, niece of Aider man George F. Darrow, was married to Frederick Taylor of Boston, son of Cap tain Henry G. Taylor of the battleship Indiana, u. S. N. Rev. E. L. Sanford performed the ceremony. The brides maids were Miss Neville Taylor of New port, R. 1., sister of the jroom; Misses Mary and Isabel Hall and Grace Derby. Robert Taylor, brother of the groom, was best man. The ushers wore Robert W. Fea rd sloe of Ithaca. Douglass Tay lor of Poughkeepsie, Jo