NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 26, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: hd770983n
---
MT SEE THE PRIZES OFFERED BY THE TRAVELER IN ITS GRAND POPULAR VOTING CONTEST, TRAVELERS GRAND PRIZES. ESTABLISHED 1824. GOV. GOSSELL AND THE MASS.LEGISLATURE 1893. Said committee shall man age and control the com mon (Fitchburg)stockherein referred to for the best in terests of the Common wealth and the City of Bos ton, and particularly with a view to prevent the merging or consolidation of said rail road with, or its control by, any parallel or competing line, and to maintain the line of said company PERMA NENTLY AS AN INDEPEN DENT LINE from Boston to points in New York State.— (Public Statutes of Massa chusetts, 1893, Chap. 408, Sec. 4. Japan Suspects A Russian Trick LONDON, Jan. 26.—A special despatch from Shanghai says the news of the abdication of the Chinese emperor has caused a tremendous sensation in Japan, whce a strong desire is expressed to adopt stringent measures, as It is believed Russia Is the lending hand in the coup detat. CIGARMAKERS' MASS MEETING It May Lead to the Settle ment of Their Diffi culties. Today brought forth no new develop ments In the strike of the cigarmakers for an advance of JI per thousand on a particular kind of cigars. The men are waiting to see what will be done at the meeting of the Cigarmakers' Union, to be held in Paine Memorial Hall tonight. The oase has been carried to the State Board of Arbitration. The meeting tonight promises to be the largest ever held in the history of the local union. BATCHELDKK CLOTHING CO. 675 to 679 Washington St. Opp. Beach St. We are offering some won derful trades this week in Men's Worsted Pants, and want to give every one a fair chance to get the ben efit of them. Fancy Stripe, g K Neat Effects, I  W Cheaper Grades, 1.65 The Greatest Bargain in 2.50, 3.00 and 4.00 Pant ever shown. Free trips to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to Wash ington and numerous other prizes in the Greatest Popular Voting Contest Ever Known. MURDERED BY FOOTPADS A murder was committed at the cor ner of Eliot and Washington streets at 1.40 o'clock on the morning of Jan. 22. Eugene Doherty, 39 years old, of 42 East Brookline street, was the victim. He died at the City Hospital, yesterday afternoon from a compound fracture of the skull. On the morning in question he ms held up by two highwaymen and as saulted for the purpose of robbery. His cries summoned help and the robbers fled. Doherty was taken to the City Hos pital, where he died yesterday, without regaining consciousness. The police are Investigating the case and hope to make arrests soon. They have an excellent clew to the two assailants of Doherty and are now searching for them. he Boston (Traveler. YOUNG WOMANS SUDDEN DEATH Medical Examiner Was Called in the Case of Miss Hylands. Police Captain Dugan has been active in endeavoring to obtain the full facts of a case which was called to his at tention late yesterday, and which was tinged with many elements of mystery. The Issue hinged on the cause of death of a good-looking young woman whose name was Miss Helen F. Hy lairds, and who up to, and for three weeks before her peculiar demise, lived In Mrs. Hedlunds lodging house at 286 Shawmut avenue. The young woman died yesterday noon In great agony. Dr. Davis of Union Park and Dr. , Ford of 284 Shawmut avenue attended the woman and refused to issue a death certificate. Miss Hybalrds was taken ill last Sun day ynight. She arrived home about 1 oclock and complained to her landlady of pains in the head, which she attribu ted to the grip. She was compelled to go t obed Wednesday. Yesterday her pulse .emperaturo was so high that her landlady decided to call in Dr. Ford. The doctor saw that the sick woman was falling fast, and called In Dr. Da vis for consultation. The physicians did everything possible to save the womans life. The police were notified yesterday af ternoon of the womans death, as was also Medical Examiner Draper, who made an autopsy today, and decided that she died from peritonitis. Miss Hybalrds was about 29 years old. Let ters and an Industrial insurance policy for 384 were found in her writing desk. She was supported by advances sent her monthly by the executor of the es tate of her mother, who died in San Francisco last May leaving her a email fortune. This estate Is in St. Johns, N. F., Where Miss Hylands was born, and where her father is employed by the government on the police depart ment. Miss Hylands, prior to living at 236 Shawmut avenue, lived on Dwight and Mitford streets. Among the articles found In Miss Hy lands' room was a collection of photo graphs, some of herself and one of a young man In the uniform of a British artillery man. This photograph was taken by H. Y. Dorner of Auburn street, N. S. W., and is that of her brother, who is fighting in the Trans vaal against the Boers. Her relatives will be notified. NICARAGUA BILL IS MODIFIED WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—The House committee pn interstate and foreign commerce reconsidered the Nicaragua canal bill today, and changed the ap propriation section so as to make lO,- 000,000 available with authority to con tract for the entire excavation construc tion, defense and completion of the canal at a total cost not exceeding 140,- 000,000. The Pacific cable question was then taken up and General Manager Swayne of New York spoke in favor - of private construction and operation of the cable line as against government ownership. MRS. STONE THINKS SHE IS DESERTED AVON, Jan. 2C.—Edward Stone, a shoe lasiter of this place, vent away about two weeks ago without having informed his wife of his intention to depart. A few days ago Mrs. Stone received a let ter from Northboro, Mass., judging by the postmark, signed by Stone, but bear ing no date to show where it was writ ten. This letter stated that the man desired forgiveness and said that he In tended to start for New York by boat that night and that he should not reach that place, but would fall overboard. Mrs. Stone considers that she has been deserted, with her six children. FIVE WERE KILLED WILKESBARRE, Pa., Jan. 26.—Five men were killed and eight badly injured as tihe result of a runaway train and an explosion of dynamite that followed on the Central railroad of New Jjrsey at Ashley last night. The complete list of the dead is as follows: Frank McLaughlin, brakeman, aged 28, single; Michael Bird brakeman, aged 22, single; Piter Frey, engine wiper, aged 16; Charles Haney, aged 15; an unknown tramp. Haney went to the engine house to idle time away Instead of to night school. EULOGIES OF HOBART WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—1 n ths House today the time after 2 oclock was de voted to eulogies upon the life and public services of the late Vice-Presi dent Hobari. Ths conference report upon the census bill was adopted with out division. The Indian appropriation bill was reported. Chicken Club Installs Officers. The Chicken Club, of the South End, composed entirely of stage artists, held their annual Installation of officers last night, at their rooms, 732 Washington street. The following were the officers installed: Martin Sullivan, president; Daniel Coleman, vice-president; John Quigley, treasurer; Andrew Leonard, secretary; William Troy, sergeant-at arms: Joseph Kelly, chaplain. Among the members who took part in the exer cises were Sandy Chapman, George McK nna, Fred Griffin, Johnnie Murray, William Evans. William Donavan, David Fitzgibbons, Charles Egleston, Joseph Callahan, Martin Ryan, Vincent McDonough, James Dooley, John Ken ney, Thomas McCoy, William Shortley, Gus Wayland. Fred Jackson. Fred Cur rxn, Charles Gaynor and Fred Beaman. Reception to Mrs. Charplot. The managjrs of the. Massachusetts Home for Intemperate Women will ten der the founder, Mrs. Mary RussellCharpiot, a reception tomorrow in rec ognition of her 21 years of faithful ssr vices, and to celebrate the 21st anniver sary of the opening of the home, corner of Binney and Smyrna streets, Long wood. FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900. TROUSERS FROM REMNANTS, 2-90 and 3.75 Every Pair Cut and Made to Order. Before the recent enormous advance in woollens we received our annual stock of woollen remnants from the largest mills in New England. We ate offering Trousers cut to order from these remnants for 2.90 and 3.75 per pair. There are no old patterns—all are new up-to-date styles and exactly the same cloths as tailors use in 8 and sio trousers. Tailors buy these goods by the full piece at their real value, while we buy the remnants in enormous quantities at a phenomenally low figure and sell accordingly. Many of them are of sufficient length to make full suits, and we shall offer for the next 10 days a full suit made to your own order for 14.90. W. E. AMBACK 38; CO., MAKERS OF MENS CLOTHES 657 WASHINGTON ST. 18 Boylston St. Over Continental Clothing House. Open WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY EVENINGS. Enter Evenings 18 Boylston Street. PLAGUE SPREADS IN NONOLDLD Now a Prominent White Woman Succumbs to the Disease. SAN FRANCISCO ALARMED VANCOUVER, B. C Jan. 26.—News from Honolulu per steamer Mlowera, says: The total number of deaths from plague up to time the Mlowera sailed for this port was 29 out of 39 cases. Two were whites and another was a half caste. The other deaths were about equally divided between Hawaiian na tives and Orientals. The most Important and alarming case was that of a white woman, the wife of George Borman, an old resident This case was reported on the 14th. The woman Mngered for two days and then succumbed. This case created great alarm among the white people here, and a citizens' meeting was called and ac tive steps were taken to district the city, and now a house-to-house Inspec tion Is made twice a day, and each oc cupant must be accounted for. The board of health still continues to burn all Infected buildings. About one-half of Chinatown has been destroyed by fire. Before the month Is out It Is exVANDERBILT DEAL . IN VANCOUVER VANCOUVER. B. C J'an. 26.—A rep resentative of the Vanderbilts has been in this city for three weeks putting through a large property deal. The deal Is one whereby a large New York syndicate will acquire two miles of Vancouver water front, and when com pleted will Include an oultlay of nearly 2,000,000. About one thousand acres is included in ths deal. Aman saves money by buying clothing here at any time. Now he does even more than that—he saves about half of our usual prices on suits and overcoats, for were selling all our broken lots at greatly reduced figures. BROWNINGJCING 38; CO The Largest Manufacturers of Fine Oiothing in the World 700 Washington St.,cor. Kneeland W. F. HINCKLBX. Mgr. pec ted that this plague spot will be en tirely reduced to ashes. The citizens of Hilo are worked into a frenzy by the plague news, and those on shore even tried to keep the sheriff, Mr. Andrews, from returning after he made a visit to Minister Cooper on the steamer Klnau, on the occasion of the latters visit in connection with the burning of mail by the local authorities. "We dont care if ft was the President of the United States," they shouted. "He could not land here.'' San Francisoo has apparently taken on a bit of a scare as a result of the last advices, and the greatest precau tions are now being taken against in fection from Honolulu. The Japanese steamer Yorohlne Maru, with about 700 emigrants from Honolulu arrived this morning from Yokohama. She was anchored outside the harbor, as there is no room on quarantine island for her passengers. The Japanese brought by the Deyo Maru are still on the vessel, quarantine Island being full, and It Is likely to be a long time before the latest arrivals are taken off the steamer. THE WEATHER. Cold Wave Tonight. WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—For New England: Cold wave tonight with fair weather, preceded by snow flurries; Sat urday, fair and continued cold; high northwesterly winds. Alleged Horae Thief Sentenced. NEW BEDFORD, Jan. 26.—John Carr, the alleged horse thief captured by the police yesterday, was sentenced to four months In the house of correction In the district court here, this morning, for the larceny of some clothing from a 1 local dealer. LAST - 6.30 P. M. ADVANCE FOILED Evacuation of Spion Kop Makes Relief of Lady smith Very Doubtful. ENGLISH PUBLIC DESPAIRS LONDON, Jan. 26.—England was startled this morning to learn that General Warren had abandoned Spion Kop, the position he had occupied Tuesday night. The news came in a despatch from General Buller to the secretary of state for war, and was posted at the war office at 11.04 this morning. Bullers despatch is dated Spearmans Camp, January 25, 12.05 P. M. It reads as follows: THE WARREN GARRISON, I AM SORRY TO SAY, I FIND THIS MORNING, HAD IN THE NIGHT ABANDONED SPION KOP. That was all, but it was enough to at once change the feel ing of jubilation, which prevailed, to a feeling of deep gloom. It is generally believed that the war office has further ad vices from Buller, but that they will be withheld for the pres ent. The time on Bullers despatch would seem to indicate that it was received hours ago and was held with the hope, per haps, that something more satisfactory might come from Bul ler to ameliorate the sting of Warrens retrograde movement. Military men find a clew as to the cause of Warrens re verse in Bullers despatch of Wednesdays night. He said then that Warren was holding the kop under a most annoy ing shell fire and that his losses were severe. This, taken in connection with Warrens easy occupation of the place, leads to the belief that the Boers led the English into a death trap. Artillery was probably placed on the surrounding kopjes, with which the Boers poured a constant and galling fire into Warrens garrison on the kop all day Wednesday, making it so hot for the English that they had to retire under cover of darkness. High military officials refuse this morning to discuss the " (Continned on Third PafeJ ALL QUIET AT FRANKFORT FRANKFORT. Ky., Jan. 26.-A clear, cold day dawned on Frankfort this morning and th people of the capital awoKe with a sense of relief from a night of rest that had promised to be one of wild excitement. The resolutions adopted by the armed visitors in front of the capltol yester day will be offered to both houses of the Legislature today. THINKS HE IS MOODYS SUCCESSOR CLINTON. Jan. 26.—Anson Magjon of Boylston. president of the Y. P. S. C. E. there, will be committed to the insane asylum at Worcester, by order of Judge C. C. Stone. Mr. Magoon is under the delusion that he Is the chosen successor of Dwight L. Mocdy. KILLILEA MAY DIE. John Killilea, single, 24 years old, who resides In Keleher avenue, Mattapan, Is in a precarious condition at the City Hospital. The doctors say he may not live out the day. His principal Injury is a fractured spine, which, with inter nal injuries, has placed him in such a bad condition. He Is a laboring man, employed by Bell 38; Co., contractors. He was at work yesterday doing filling at the Centre-street crossing of the New York, New Haven 38; Hartford railroad