NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 08, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: hm512450s
---
IT TWO TRIPS TO PARIS FREE! JOIN THE BOSTON TRAVELER'S GREAT VOTING CONTEST! Grand Who la Toor FayoriU Saleswoman or Salesman ? i Voting GHe your choice a trip to ' C' AnfpQt Puna tret. Coupon on page x j VjvLILwL ' ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. Grand January Sale IN OUR GROCERY DEPT. Fourth Floor—Take Elevator. Best Fine Granulated (With Grocery Order.) V U 11 Per Li Tn Pounds Can bs Purohassd with Evory Dollars Worth of Other Grooerie Ordered. Flour (by the Tarrs) and Butter not included with order. WE PREPAY FREIGHT On all Grocery Orders of 5.00 or more to any Railroad Station with in the following States: MAINE, MASSACHUSETTS, NEW HAMPSHIRE, RHIDE ISLAY3, VERMONT, CONNECTICUT. CANNED GOODS. fl CANS GOOD PEAS 37c fl cans Crimson Braud, extra fine peas .(3c 6 cane Good Corn sOc fl cans Crimson Brand Croahy Corn 65c 6 cans Crimson Brand Tomatoes 55c 6 eans Bootn'e Best Strins Beans sOc 6 cans Very Finest Lima Beans sOc fl cans Very Finest Red Kidney Beans..ssc 6 cans Very Finest Wax Beans 55c 6 cans Golden Marrow Squash 63c 0 cans Extra Fine Pumpkin 55c 6 cans Warwick Brand Strawberry Beets. 7Oc 6 cans Best Boston Baked Beane 45e 6 cans Anderson's Soups (assorted) ... sOc fl cans Columbia River Salmon Steak ..88c 6 cans Finest Red Salmon (tall cans) ...68c 6 cans Fineat Shrimp 83c fl cans Finest American Sardines 25c 6 cans Finest Boned Herring 25c 8 2-pound cans Finest Bartlett Pears...ssc 6 3-pound cans Finest Bartlett Pears . . .75c 6 3-pound cans Finest Green Gage Plume 68c fl 3-pound cans Finest Egg Plums fWc fl 3-pound cans Finest Yellow peaches. 95c 8 3-pound cans Crawford Yellow Peacheal.lO 8 S-pound cane Mt. Hamilton brand Apricots 1,10 6 2-pound cans Finest Blueberries 75c 6 2 pound cans Cocktail Pineapple 55c 6 cam Sliced Peaches, for croam 55c 6 cans Lawton Brand Blackberries sOc 6 cam Straw berries, for cream 55c ED EE A Beautiful Japan ese Tea Pot given with every purchase of a pound of Cooper St Coopers India and Cey loa Tea. A cup Served free at booth. FLOIR. OUR VICTOR the BEST PATENT FLOUR on the market: Par barrel 4.50 Per bag 60c BEST PASTRY FLOUR per bag 50c COFFEE. Our CRIMSON BRAND PURE MOCHA and JAVA COFFEE, tbs same as that sold elsewhere for 36e. and 40c. per pound. Our prices: Per 1 pound 29c Per 34 pounds 1.00 Our CAFE SPECIAL BLEND COFFEE, the same as that sold elsewhere for 26c. per pound. Our prices: Per 1 pound 14e Per 5 pounds 650 In 25-pound lots, per pound 12c IAunt Sallys Pancake Flour A p Sold e very where for 100. per pkg. "J" II CEREALS. 10 pounds Best Rolled Osm 25c 10 pounds Best Rye Meal 23c 10 pounds Best Rye Flour 23c 10 pounds Best Granulated Indian Meal. 17c 10 pounds Best Entire Wheat 35c 10 pounds Best XXX Graham Meal 23c 5 pounds Best Pearl Tapioca 25c 10 pounds Beet Scotch Oat Meal 35c 1 large Package Crimson Breakfast Food. 12c 4 packages Buckeye Oats 25c 6 packages Best Corn Starch 25c 6 pounds Best Pearl Barley 25c 2 packages Cook's Flaked Rice 28c (A Beautiful Doll with every 2 packages.) BEANS AND PEAS. 1 peck Best York State Pea Beans 55c 1 peek Best Split Peas 4ft c 1 peck Best Green Peas '4sc 1 peck Best California Pea Beans 65c 1 peck Best Yellow Eye Beans 75c 1 peek Best Red Kidney Beans 75c ED E E A l arge Plate of Ice  " Cream served to each purchaser of a bottle of Globe Pure Fruit Flavoring Extracts. All flavors. STATE ASKED TO  BUY B. 38; A. R. R.I ' The Central Labor Union has adopted the following resolution! 4 Resolved. That as the commonwealth has the right, under the law, 4  to acquire the Boston 38; Albany railroad by purchase, that the Boston 4  Central Labor Union approves of the present Legislature enacting the 4  necessary laws for state ownership, or of submitting the question to 4  the referendum, in order that the people may be given a chance to eay 4 F whether they are in favor of such action, which ia in the interest of 4  therieelves. ACQUITTED, BUT REARRESTED VIENNA. II!.. Jan. B.—All the union miners who have been on trial here for ever weeks, chanced with the murder of Mrs. Hanna Carr, a negresa, during the riot at Lauder, near Carterville, have been acquitted. Before reading the verdict the court warned those present not to make iy demonstration. In spite of h' instructions two of the prisoners, Durden and Hicks, Jumped to their feet and began a general hand shaking, the court, attorneys, prisoners and Jurors participating. After the read ing of the verdict Sheriff Hankins re arrested Durden, Hicks, Booker and Hlohie on a warrant sent him by the deputy United States marshal, charging them with violating an Injunction Issued by the United States court. THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE, SOLD OUT TO RAYMOND. The entire stock of a merchant tailor, who used nothing but Imported goods—here Is a great snap for tailors—some 7OOO worth of English, French and Scotch plaids, fancy worsteds, checks and plain colors, In cassimeres, cheviots and clay worsteds, In black, gray and brown shades. These goods are cut in I X, I M and I h pants patterns, also 2, and 3 lengths for suits, and many whole pieces of Scotch plaids and small checks, all of which will be sold at not more than half their present value. And When YOU ot any of your friends WANT TO SELL OUT Please send for SOLD OUT TO RAYMOND SATURDAY. J. H. Cetchell 38; Co., No. 681 Washington St. Their entire stock of hats and caps and gents furnish Ing goods will be moved to our Washington Street store on Monday and ready for sale Tuesday morning. Thousands of people already know the quality of goods sold by Mr. Cetchell, and we need only to say that the prices will be divided by TWO. SOLD OUT TO RAYMONO FRIDAY, and all people who wear PANTS should remember this, as It Is probably all we shall have to say about it—or need to say—all the stock of J. Schoeneman of Balti more, Md., nothing but PANTS, will arrive here not later than Tuesday P. M and on Wednesday we promise you the best values ever given in the finest and best readymade pants possible to be obtained. We do not know how many, and will not know until they arrive, but it is probably the largest stock of pants ever offered for sale at retail In Boston, consisting of through-and-through worsteds, cassl meres, cheviots, hairlines, pencil-stripes and checks, all sizes, 33 to 50 waist, in stouts and slims. The prices will range from  I .OO to 3.00 a pair, and the cheap est Schoeneman-made pants are equal In value to many of the best goods manu factured by ordinary pant makers. All hip shaped, finished waist bands, no pieced tops to rip as in common pants, and buttons sewed On to STAY. 352-4-6 WASHINGTON ST., 31-33-35 HAWLEY ST., BOSTON SOLD OUT RAYMON And all on sale Mondi tire stock of a proud c in Cleveland, Ohio, lots and will be read Monday morning, on c SI, 52.50 and 4.75 gather with hundred garments In the oloa ment at Just half tr prices. Yours truly RAW GREELEY BETTER WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— BrigadierGeneral A. W. Greeley, chief signal offi cer. U. S. A., who was attacked by a drunken man at his home last evening, Is resting well this morning, and aside from the shock and the weakness at tendant upon the loss of blood, experi ences no serious hurt as a result of the encounter. The physicians believe that his skull has not been Injured and a rapid recovery Is looked for. Death of Lieut. Cheney. WASHINGTON., Jan. B.—General Otis has cabled news of the death of First Lieutenant Ward Cheney. Fourth in fantry. at Imus, at 11.45 oclock yester day morning, of wounds received tn a skirmish there. THE MOST POPVLAR SALKS WOMAN. Clip out the vote on Tage 2 of The Traveler and till it in for your favorite saleswoman. She may win the trip to Paris. w 'Bouton traveler. B. 38; M. WANTS THE FITCHBURG President Tuttle Says That a 5 Per Cent Guarantee Is Offered. VANDERBILTDEALDENIED "I wish to sav. and to say as em phatically as language can express it, that all the stories in State street about the Vanderbilts directly or indirectly controlling Boston 38; Maine stock or Boston 38; Maine management, or having a large ownersnip in Boston 38; Maine shares are tbsolurely without founda tion." This Is the statement male by President Lucius Tuttle of the Boston 38; Maine railroad today, when asked as to the rumors which have been cir culated tn regard to the road. President Tuttle con iaued: "rhe cen tre! of the Boston 38; Maine is held in the interest of the Boston .t Maine, and not in the interest of Mr. Vandetbilt or Mr. Webb or any corporation other than the Boston Maine. If the ques tion should ever arise as to wae could control the Boston it Maine stock, the directors could mate as good a show ing for a beginning as anybody vse. "The American Express Company does not control the Boston 38; Maine, nor is the Express Company controlled by the Vanderbilts. The stocks of the American Express Company and of tne Boston 38; Maine are very widely scat tered among investors, and investors who are not identified with the Van derbilts have the control of both the Boston 38; Maine and of the American Express Company. The Express Com pany operates on our lines, but we io not control it. and it operates on the Vanderbilt lines, but neither the Van derbilts nor their line coutioi it. "As to the Pratt estate holdings, Mr. Charles Pratt bougnt his Boston 38; Maine sujck largely upon ray recom mendation. and there is nothing in any way connecung this Holding with tne Nkw York Central. "The Vanderbilts have not a share of Boston 38; Maine. This is not guess work; it is a taut, and 1 know it, for there is nothing about the Boston 38; Maine railroad or its share holdings that 1 do not know, or 1 would not be at Ulis desk. "Now that I am, for the moment, in the denial business, 1 may as well say that there is no truth in tne story that we contemplate an absorption of either the Maine central or the Cvutrai Massa chusetts, or any cnange in our position concerning those two properties. The Boston 61 Maine owns 51 per cent of tne Maine Central, and, like other stock holders. is receiving thereon 6 per cent. It does not expect to receive any more or any less in tne immed.ate future, tor no increase in the dividend rate of the aiaine Centra, is contemplated. "As respects the Fitcnourg railroad, 1 have waited for an opportune time to consider the question ot a lease of that road by the Boston 38; Maine. I do not think that the Vanderbilts feel that it would be prudent for them to attempt a control of the entire New England railroad field, and therefore I do not think that they were over anx ious concerning the control of the Fitchburg road; nor would we wish to control it in antagonism to the Vander bilt interests. I think the New York Central railroad interests offered the Fitchburg somewhere around 4 to 4(4 per cent on the preferred stock. I think It was about a 4 per cent offer; other people think that, with collateral ad vantages, it was about 414 per cent. But. however that may be, it is not now per tinent to the case. "When 1 learned that the Vanderbilt negotiations were ended, 1 entered into negotiations with Mr. Codruan of the Fitchburg, and the result to date is that I have Informed Mr. Codman that I bePeve a lease can be effected mutually advantageous to the Boston 38; Maine and the Fitchburg, and the New Eng land public, if the Fitchburg people are willing to accept a guarantee of 5 per cent upon their preferred stock, which, of course, carries a guarantee of 1 per cent upon the common stock, most of which is owned by the Commonwelath of Massachusetts. The Fitchburg people now have the matter under consideration. If they fa vor the proposition it will have to be submitted in form to both corporations and then to the Legislature, Irrespec tive of the state's vote upon Its 5,0ut),000 of common stock; for there is a pro vision in the state .aws that the Legis lature must pass upon any such quesMONDAY, JANUARY 8. 1900. tion as between two railroads entering Boston. "With harmony all around I think everybody interested would be benefited by the Boston 38; Maine operating the Fitchburg road, with good connections west. To secure good connections west I think that the 2800 miles of the Bos ton 38; Maine system, with the 600 miles of the Fitchburg system added thereto, should be in a position of advantage and importance and should obtain fair rates and connections. "As regards the trunk line situation every combination between the owners of the trunk lines west of the Hudson River, to secure stable and equitable rates, is to the advantage of every rail road tn New England. "The history of trunk line rates shows such a continuous reduction that profits In many lines of transportation, have become absolutely nil. These reduc tions have been forced upon the rail roads by the business interests of their customers. There has been a continual dropping tn classification and In rates, to enable the railroads' customers to keep In business. Now. with steel rails at 835 per ton, instead of lB. with wages advanced, and nearly all railroad supplies on a higher cost basis, the railroads' cus tomers must co-operate to help main tain the railroads, physically and finan cially. "The New England lines have little to say about the East-bound business Upon the West-bound business they name the rates from New England points, but the larger part of the busi ness is, of course. East-bound, and we have to take our pro rata thereof in the uns and downs of the railroad busi ness." FRENCH WARSHIPS AT SANTO DOMINGO SANTO DOMINGO, Jan. 8 (via Hay t!an Cable).—The French warship Ce cile has arrived hare. The government has suppressed a proposed public de monstration considered by the French consul to be Injurious to Franca. The situation continues tranquil. Ethel—What foolish things a young man will do when he is in love! Edith (breathlessly)—Oh, Ethel! Has he proposed? MIGHT NEED OUR FOOD HIMSELF. U. S.—There may come a time when Brother John will be sorry for having established this precedent. —Phila. Inquirer. ELEVEN MORE CASES Diphtheria on Increase In Cambridge. SCARLET FEVER, TOO Eleven more caeea of diphtheria were reported to the Cambridge Board of Health today. Two cases of scarlet fever were also recorded at the health office. Yesterday r little boy, Bernard Harrington, who lives with his parents on Oxford street n the Mt. Auburn district, died from diphtheria. This number of contagious diseases !s unusually large, and Is regarded as a serious increase by the authorities. So many children are now affected with the malady that the new hospital on Reservoir street will be filled to its ca pacity, with a demand probable for more beds. STREET CLEANERS ATTACK HEAD The N?w York Fore? Ac cuses Commissioner McCartney of Violating the Law. NEW YORK. Jan B.—Formal charges have been presented to !he district at torney against Street Cleaning Commis sioner James McCartney by members of his department. It is claimed that the 8-hour law has been constantly violated, the men declaring th