NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 29, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: jh34b3119
---
W" SEE THE PRIZES OFFERED BY THE TRAVELER IN ITS GRAND POPULAR VOTING CONTEST,' TRAVELERS GRAND PRIZES. ESTABLISHED 1824. Cornell Students Hurt In Fire ITHACA, N. Y., Jan. 30.—Seven or eight Cornet! amdent. members of Del ta Chi fraternity, were hurt this morning as the result of he burning of their fraternity lodge. Fifteen jumped 30 feet to the ground. Little of the lodge property was saved. Those most sertousfly injured are: J. F. Lonergan, Albany, broken noea, compound fracture of thigh and broken arm; H. C. Brooks. Hartford, Ct., dis located hip and left arm broken; E. D. Toohlll. Auburn, injured jaw, slightly; R. V. Rhodes, Troy, heel crushed; Thomas Downs, Albany, spine and leg Injured; R. E. Congdon, foot broken; W. M. McCrea. Salt Lake City, Utah, burned and back slightly Injured. The building was a brick structure and the Are was kept well inside the walls, _The_house and contents were valued at 310,000. . Illinois Antis Trust Law Unconstitutional CHICAGO, Jan. 29.—Judge Kohlsaat of the United State District Court today rendered a decision declaring the Illinois anti-trust law unconsti tutional. FIREMEH KEPT ON THE RUN Somerville Fighters, How ever, Can Find No Fires. False alarms have carused the Somer ville fire department no little annoy ance, as well as proving expensive to the city. During the past week three false alarms have been sounded, all of which caused long runs. Thursday night box 431 was sounded, and When the apparatus arrived no one could be found at the box and no fire was visible. This box Is a new one. and It Is situated in West Somerville. Some of the apparatus answering it had to travel over two miles. Box 38 was sounded Friday night and was false. This box Is located in the "Patch, and in order to get to it the ipparatus was obliged to climb many hills. Last night at 9.07 oclock some person vent in an alarm from box 43, at the toiner of Harris and Beacon streets. A.ll these boxes sounded are of the key l ss pattern. The police are paying particular at tention to the matter. the weather. Snow; Colder. WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.—For Maine: Snow and cold wave tonight; severe easterly shifting this afternoon to north westerly gales; Tuesday, snow and con tinued cold. For New Hampshire and Vermont: Snow and cold wave tonight; north westerly gales; Tuesday snow and con tinued cold. For Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut: Snow and cold wave to night; severe northwesterly gales; Tuesday clearing and continued cold. Enfant Terrible—Mrs. Myles was praising you today, mamma, to Mrs. Renwick. I was on the other side f the garden w'all, and heard 'em. Mamma—What did she say? Enfant Terrible—She said there were worse old gossips than you in the town. NEW ENGLAND MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, Post Office Square, Boston, Mass. Statement of Bunlnena for 1M99. Ledger assets Jan. 1, 1899 26,041,330.71 RECEIPTS. for Premiums ... 3,794,588.16 for Interest, Rents and profit and Loss 1,224,029 79 0,018,827 94 1,(455,349.00 888.242.00 493.823.67 439.154.37 31,059,958.65 DISBURSEMENTS. Death Ola!ma ... Matured and Dis counted Endow ments Cancelled and Sur rendered poli cies Distribution of Surplus Total paid to Policy Holders 2,961,509.04 Amount paid for Commissions to Agents. Salaries, Medical Fees. Advert teing. Printing. Stationery, Taxes, State and Mu nicipal. and all ether incidental expenses at the Home Office and at Agencies .... 848,323.86 3.799.592.90 Ledger Assets Dec. 3L 189.... Market Valu of Securities over Ledger Cost ... Interest and Ren ts accrued Dec. 81. 1899.. Net Prem luma In course of collec tion 27,260,065.75 1,530,082.37 209,074.67 525.205.84 2.284,362 88 Gross Assets Dec. 31, 1889.... 29,544,428.63 LIABILITIES. Reserve at Massa chusetts stand ard 4 per cent. 528.528,525.08 Balance of Dis tribution snaps Id 149,486.58 Death and Endow ment Claims ap proved 90,082.00 Death Losses re ported on which no proofs have been received... 70.563.00 26.838.656 66 2,705,771.97 AU forms of Life and Endowment policies Issued. CASH distributions patd upon all policies Every policy has endorsed thereon the cash surrender and paid-up insurance values to which the Insured is entitled by the Massa chi.setts Stature. Pamphlets, rates, and values for any age sent on application to the Company's Office. EBNJ F. STEVENS. President. ALFRED D FOSTER. Vics-President, a. F TRULL, Secretary. L_. MM. K TURNER, Asa'S. a FRFE TRIPS to the Paris Exposition, to Jamaica, to Wash ington and numerous other prizes in the Greatest Popular Voting Contest Ever Known. POISON BEGINS TO WORK Scheele, the Mercury Swallower, 111 in Bed. SAYS HELL RECOVER NEW YORK. Jan. 29.—Walter J. Scheele, the chemist, who says he took on Friday night a dose of cyanide of mercury and bromo-seltzer larger than that which killed Mrs. Kate J. Adams, for whose death Roland B. Molineux is on trial, is sick In bed at Woodbridge, N. J., and his physician in the village and others from Rahway, called in con sultation, declare that he is suffering from mercurial poison. Scheele say he expects to be out in a few days, wnsn his system thriws off the poison. KENNAN DOUBTS. CHICAGO, Jan. 29.—George Kennan. Siberian explorer, and one of the best informed Amsrlcans on the Internal conditions of Russia and Its relations with the nations of the world, when asked last night whether the move ment of Russian troops toward the In dian border was an Incident of its de sire to enter British territory, said: "I hardly think that Russia has any serious intentions in India, and the mo bilization of troops may mean nothing more than a wish to harass and worry England for other purposes. MASS. PENSIONS. WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.—The follow ing pension changes resulting from the issue of Jan. 15 are announced: Massachusetts—Original, James Wil son. Roxbury, 6; Alfred A. Lee, North Adams, 6; Henry A. Ives, Goshen, 6; James S. Hargraves, Fall River, 6; Al bert A. Pelton, Pepperell, 38. Restora tion, reissue and increase, Henry Slater, Pittsfield, 34 to 312. Original, widows, etc., epeclal accrued Jan. 15. Abbie T. Marden, Leominster, 8; Helen Goss, Ljnn, B. HOw'lT HAPPENED. Mistress—l dont understand this— your last employer gave you such a high recommendation, but still dis charged you almost immediately! Servant—Yes, that's so! But my mas ter wrote the recommendation, and my mistress discharged me!—Simiplioissi mus. Major Grady Camp. A meeting of the Major P. J. Grady camp, Spanish-American War Veterans, was held at the headquarters on Border street, yesterday. The following officers were edited: Thomas F. Clark, com mander; Patrick H. Sullivan, senior vice-commander; Charles N. Clayton, junior vice-commander; William F. OBrien, adjutant; Morris J. Cashman. paymaster; Michael J. Murphy, quarter master; Michael J. Driscoll, officer of the day, George A. Gramhar, officer of the guard; Patrick J. Sullivan, officer of the watch; William H. Sampson and Joseph A. Halloway, color bearers; Frank C. Harrington and Ronald W. Paquet, musicians. Plans for the me morial services to be held February 14, the anniversary of the destruction of the Maine were discussed. ISoiston traveler. i TTCLnr ... .  A P 7W AHj M MIOI MI I Bl II w H MM II U IkI BAIBBI 811 I 8.1 II hil Illl I ITb w   IJr l L I Vlvl II MURDER FOLLOWS MUTINY Crew of Ethel Scuttle the Vessel. t THEN KILL CAPTAIN VICTORIA. B. C.. Tan. 29 —Mall ad vices received here tell of a wholesale tragedy on the New Zealand brigantine Ethel in the Straits Settlement. She sailed from Broome, western Australia, about the end of November with a cargo of lumber and has been posted as miss ing. A telegram was received by the gov ernor of the Straits Settlement from the British consul at Batavia to the effect that the vessel had been scuttled by part of her crew, who had mutinied and murdered the captain and owner, John Alfred Riddle, together with his son, the mate, the carpenter and three of the crew. The mutineers, who numbered 13. after they had landed at Adult, had a quarrel among themselves, and as a result, when they reached Maccassar, one of them Informed the Dutch au thorities, who arrested the mutineers and seized the valuables and other prop erty they had stolen. News has also reached here of the capture of five officers of a Dutch mall steamer who Imprudently went ashore and were attacked by the savages of New Guinea. A relief party next day found ashes of bon-fires and tracks which led them to believe that all five had been killed and eaten by the sav ages. The New Guinea authorities have sent for a warship. DIONT KNOW IT WAS LOADED Cambridgeport Girl Acci dently Killed By StepBrother. Nora Sharahan, 14 years old. was killed at her home. 193 Franklin street. Cambridgeport, the result of the care lessness of John P. Gallagher, 17, her step-brother. In handling a revolver. The accident happened at 1.15 yesterday afternoon and so far as the police caq learn was simply another case of didnt know it was loaded. Medical Examiner Swan made a superficial examination of the girls body, and as a result the boy, who had been locked up in Station 2, was admitted to bail, a Mr. Tierney go ing on his bond for his appearance be fore Judge Almy today. MOLIkEUX TRIAL ADJOURNED AGAIN NEW YORK, Jan. 29.—Recorder Goff today adjourned the trial of Roland B. Molineux, who is charged with the mur der of Mrs. Kate J Adams, until Thurs day next, on account of the continued illness of Juror Manheim Brown. LORD DUNDONALD. Who Has Brought His Cavalry Forces Safely Back Across the Tugela. MONDAY. JANUARY 29. 1900. ANXIETY IN OITY KALL Water Department Dis charges Give the Tip as to What- Is Expected. MANY MORE ABOUT TO GO Anxiety among the rank and file of city employees has been accentuated by the water department discharges of Saturday last. In almost every other division of pub lic service there is a feeling of sus pense. Many heads of departments re gard dismissal as certain, but among the small officeholders there has been the hope of retention. Seeral heads of departments were willing to resign when Mayor Quincy went out, but were advised against it by the ex-administration. It was be lieved to be better political policy to let Mayor Hart take the initiative. On Thursday the new superintendent of streets will come to his own, for there is no doubt expressed as to the confirmation of B. T. Wheeler in that office by the Board of Aidermen to morrow. When Supt. Wheeler is seat ed the street department is In for an overhauling, and when has happened In the water department is looked for in the first-named division. There are about 3000 street department employees. It is the biggest political department In the city, and the hope of the Republican politicians. Judging from what happened during January most of them are going to be disap pointed. Still, it is inevitable that there will be many changes in the street de partment. All the present are to go, it is understood, and there will be a brigade of subordinates to march out of City Hall in their rear. Many of the discharged Water De partment men thought themselves safe because of services or affiliations in the recent mayoralty campaign, but they were disappointed. Only a few of them, including Foreman M. J. O'Brien, are likely to be reinstated. The mayor means to cut expenses, even if political friends have to suffer. He considers re trenchment Imperative. Therefore, all through City Hall there is apprehension. Republican pels and the Mfurphy leaders are beset by men who want to retain city obs, and the mayor must have backbone to fith stand all the pressure that is to be put before him. Tomorrow the aidermen meet, and It is now expected that the board will or ganize by electing James H. Doyle as chairman. If Aiderman Day votes to ballot for an occupant for that office the fiish will be quick, as he is pledged to vote for Doyle when the time comes. After the chairmanship business is disposed of the Republicans are as apt to break to E. J. Donovan for city clerk as not. Several of them have said that they prefer him to Rrank J. O'Toole, but will not vote for him as long as there is the slightest chance of electing a Republican as chairman. Now that he fiscal year is at an end the aidermen appreciate the necessity of getting through with the organiza tion muddle without further delay. The city needs a chairman to appoint a finance and other committees, and the hour when deloy is not Injurious to mu nicipal interests is about past. The street commissioners have a peti tion signed Arlech Wentworth, Charles F. Adams, 2d., F. W. Hunnewell, Arthur Lyman, W. W. Estabrook, trustee, Ed ward J. Hammond, William K. Porter, Reuben Whitten, trustee of New Eng land Real Estate Trust, John J. Bunch, James H. Young, Bartley F. Atwood. Russell and Edith Bradford, asking as holders and owners of real estate abut ting on Charlestown street, that it be renamed either New Washington street or Washington street extension. They claim that by changing the name as suggested, their property will be bene fited and the location better described, if it were known as abutting on an ex tension of said Washington street. They state that Charlestown street, leading from Haymarket square, is a naturdal continuation of Washington street. A public hearing will be given by the commissioners at U A. M. next Thurs day. Water Commissioner Martin opened the following blds this noon: For 5000 pounds of No. 1, 14,000 pounds of No. 3 and 8500 pounds of No. 3, composition castings: William Curley. 24 , 23 and 16 cents respectively: Granular Metal Company of Roxbury, 25, 23 St and 21 cents; J. H. McCafferty 38; Co.. 20, 19 and 15 cents; Compress Brass 38; Alu minum Company, 22, 20 and 18 cents. The bids were taken under advisement. City Engineer Jackson opened bids to day for the 'building of a sea wall on the westerly line of Dorchester avenue extension adjoining Congress street, the same being a foundation for the corner Which the city is cutting off of the six story building on axxount of the exten sion of the avenue: William L. Miller, 11,214; W. J. Lawler. 9273. The con tract wias awarded to Lawler. PREACHER SCORES HIBBARD "The postmaster general of the United States and the Boston poet al authorities violated the law of this state and of the nation; they outraged Christian sentiment and terribly transgressed the commandment Of God. So said Rev. Dr. John Galbraith of the M. E. Church, at the annual meeting of the SaObath Protective League, held last evening In Park Street Church. The above indict ment was supplemental to the charge that by order of the poetmaster general the last Sunday of 1899 was spent In the transaction of all necessary business Incident to tbe assumption of the local postmastersblp by George A. Hibbard, at the beginning of the present year. Before concluding the speaker declared that "this government cannot be I" netuated by this Sabbuth-breaklng spirit, and that lawlessness toward God leads to lawlessness toward man. Rev. D