NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 23, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: jq08ct38w
---
ar NEW DEVELOPMENT IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST -- - SEE PACE 2. "W Who la Ym Pmrlk Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choice  trip to  fATIfPCf Pavla free. Coupon on page  ! VjvIHvJL I Grand i Voting ESTABLISHED 1824, Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. A Prominent Manufacturers Entire Stock of DRESS SKIRTS -AND FLANNEL WAISTS Bought by u at a ridiculously low price for spot Cash will be placed on sale at Less Than Half Price IN OUR CLOAK DEPARTMENT. 200 Serge Skirts, in black and blue, both plain and trimmed with braid, all well lined and bound, actnal value QQp 2.50, sale price........ O V 1.98 175 Skirts, in French twills, in black and blue, black Sicilienne and silk and wool mixtures, values 3.75 to 5.00, sale price Handsome Silk Crepons, in color, and Black Satin Skirts, worth B.oo to lO.OO, sale A qq price. 100 Skirts, all-wool cheviots, plain and trimmed, also home spuns and handsome plaids, worth 4.50 to 6.00, 0Q Q sale price 'WAISTS. 800 Wool W aists, in Flan nels, Plaids and Mixtures, sepa rate fitted lin ings, stock col lars, shirt waist sleeves, with open cuff, worth Ji. 50 to 2.00, sale price, 69c 28.00 22.00 1 lot Electric Seal Cpats, were 145.c0, now x lot Electric Seal Coats, were 35.00, now French Flannel Waists, worth 4.00 to 5.00, sale o r A price   O U JACKETS. i lot Kersey Coats, all-silk lined, were A Q A lO.OO, now 1 lot l2 to l5 Coats, now 7.50 1 lot l6 to 2O Coats, now 10.00 FURS. French Marten Collarettes, some wiih tab fronts trimmed with tails, were 12.00, to close 7.98 Americans Occupy Santa Cruz Town MANILA, Jan. 23—9.50 A.M.—The Americans have occupied Santa Crus, on Laguna de Bay, Laguna Province. It was reported that many insurgents were concentrated there, but th 3 town was found deserted. The military regulation requiring the streets to be cleared of natives at 8.30 P.M. has been changed to 10 oolo ck. ELECTRIC CARS IN COLLISION Two men were badly injured in an electric car collision on Dorchester av enue this forenoon about 8.25 oclock,  nd hundreds of working people were delayed nearly two hours in getting to their places of employment in the City. The collision, which badly damaged two cars, occurred at the corner of Dorchester avenue and West Sixth street. An inward bound Dorchester avenue-Franklin street car, heavily freighted. had passed over the rail road bridge and was moving at a liveRAILWAY STATION AT THE CAPITAL OF THE ORANGE FREE STATE. ly rate of speed towards West Sixth street. , A Bay View-East Cambridge car had passed over the railroad bridge on Sixth street and was moving rapidly in the direction of Dorchester avenue. The momentum of both cars was Increased by the down grade, and as they met at Sixth street the Bay View car struck the Dorchester avenue oar just back of the front platform. Michael Fitzgerald, 86, married and living at 36 Howell street, who was standing on the front platform of the Dorchester avenue car, was violently thrown to the ground. He was picked up and taken to the City Hospital. He had sustained injuries to his back and right hand. He was taken home. James J. Publlcor, 50, married, living at 154 M street. South Boston, was standing on the rear end of the Dor chester avenue car and was thrown to the ground. His face was badly cut on the right side. Tom—After all, what are kisses good for? Kitty (demurely)—Their face value. Boston traveler. LR ST     6.30 P. M. TWO BATTALIONS ARE CAPTURED? Disastrous Floods in Northern Japan TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 23.—Official re ports just completed give details of ter rible inundations which destroyed prop erty valued at over 6,000,000 yen In Hok kaido province, northern Japan, in De cember. Thirty-five towns In the dis trict of Ishlkarri were devastated. Since September no less than 17,283 HUSBAND HELD IN 52500 John McLaughlin Charged With Throwing Vitriol at His Wife. John McLaughlin was arraigned be fore Judge Bragg in the Charlestown court today, charged with throwing fluid at his wife with intent to burn. The affair took place yesterday morn ing in Bunker Hill street, while Mrs. McLaughlin was on her way to work. McLaughlin pleaded guilty to the com plaint and was held in 2500 for the grand jury. Mrs. McLaughlin was un able to appear in court today. She is suffering terrible agony at her home. BIG THIRST—LITTLE DRINK. houses have been submerged or washed away in Hakkaldo alone, while the total damage is placed at 13.000,000 yen. Complete returns show that about 100 Ashing schooners and other craft were destroyed or sunk dt ring the severe storm which swept over the Japanese coast December 23 to 25. The total num ber of lives lost is placed at 189. TAKES SOLDIERS PAY SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 23. - The Pennsylvania, which is under orders to sail from this port on Jan. 25, will carry funds for paying off the United States troops now in the Philippines. Major William H. Comegye, paymaster, U. S. A., is assigned the duty of acting as custodian of this fund, which will amount to about 1,350,000. TEMPERANCE MEETING The Monday afternoon meeting of the state W. C. T. U., held In Pilgrim hall, was presided over by Mrs. Ainsworth, representing the Young People's Home Missionary work of the M. E. Church. After a Scripture lesson Mrs. Ainsworth was followed with remarks by Mrs. Cheney, Mrs. Purington, M. D., State Secretary Walker, Mrs. Pierson and Mrs. Fletcher. All were invited to the reception in honor of Mrs. L. M. N. Stevens, president of the national W C. T. U., and Miss Anna A. Gordon, vice president at large of the organization, January 29. at Park-Street Church. The committee in charge are Mrs. Katherine Lente Stevenson, Dr. L. C. Purington and Mrs. M. E. Cheney. TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1900. London Tremendously Excited Over a Report That Buller Has Been Defeated Again. YEOMANRY RESIGN IN DISGUST COMPANIONS FARED LUCKILY Plank in Staging Broke, But Madison Alone Was Hurt. Alexander Madison, a slater, residing in Cambridge, while working on the roof of a house No. 21 Warren avenue, Somerville, at 10 today, was thrown to the ground, a distance of 30 feet, break ing his left leg, by the breaking of the plank on which he was standing. On the plank with Madison were two other men, but both escaped injury by clinging to the eaves of the roof until they were hauled to a place of safety by a tender. Madison was taken to the Somerville Hospital. MORE MEN MAY BE WANTED Large Demand For Labor When Seel Company Gets Ready to Build. The statement of Agent Petersen of the Industrial Aid Society that there was a demand in the labor market for men skilled in certain branches, and that 400 men had been sent to Nova Sco tia by the Dominion Iron and Steel Company, has brought hundreds of men to the Chardon street building and nearly besieged the company's Milk street offices. As was stated In THE TRAVELER, some 400 men have been sent to Sydney, Cape Breton, and it is likely that the demand for men will, during the next few months, bring the number up to a thousand or more. The works of the company will con sist of 400 bi-product coke ovens, piers for receiving and storing ore, four blast furnaces, ten 50-ton basic steel furnaces, and the other appurtenances for a large plant of this kind. The first excavations for the cellars were made during the summer past, and temporary houses have been erected over them, so that the work may be carried on without interruption during the winter. The force now at work numbers about a thousand men. This number will be increased from time to time, and in all probability, before the end of the present season employment will be afforded for two or three thous and workmen. There will be a demand for both skilled mechanics and laborers, and at present Indications the next few months will see several hundred more men leave this city for the Dominion Companys works. When the great plant is com pleted, permanent employment will be furnished for a very large force of men. Skilled machinists, steam fitters, and rolling-mill and steel operators, will be required, beside the host of other su bordinate employees that is necessary for the operation of a plant of this kind. As the climate is but a little cooler than our own, the conditions of labor are likely to be most favorable. Printers Officers. The recently organized association of employing printers of Boston and vicin ity, at a meeting in Tremont Temple, Saturday evening, elected the following officers: L. E. Keenan of Keenan Press, president; A. G. Daniels, of Dan iels Printing Co., secretary; Charles K. Farrington of Farrington Printing' Co., treasurer. BERLIN, Jan. 23. —There was a rumor on the Boerse to day that General Buller has suffered defeat. LONDON, Jan. 23. —It was reported on the Stock Ex change today that two battalions of British troops have been captured by the Boers. ihere is nothing to confirm this report or the one current in Berlin that General Buller was defeated. Absence of news of yesterdays movements north of the Tugela river is occasioning some additional anxiety. But Gen eral Buller is engaged in a big operation, which will take con siderable time to work out. Even the slight advance of General Warrens forces after two days fighting does not appear to have yielded an import ant advantage to the British, as the captured kopjes were evi dently only held as advanced posts in order to delay the prog ress of the British troops and enable the Boers to complete their entrenchments and mount guns on the position on which they have selected to make a stand. YEOMAN TROOPS DISBAND. LONDON, Jan. 23.—The indignation and disgust expressed at the blunders and Incapacity of the yeomanry staff, to whom is ascribed the rank failure threatening to overwhelm the movements started with such a fanfare of trumpets, are Increasing daily. Those who were able to carry the scheme to success have been met at every turn with red tape and all kinds of obstacles and slights by the inner circle of titled incapables, resulting in scores of good men withdrawing from participation in the plans. In the case of the South Bedfordshire Yeomanry, a whole company of 170 selected men has disbanded in disgust. ENGLISH CAVALRY OPPOSED BOER CAMP, Upper Tugela River, Friday, Jan. 19.—The British now oc cupy three positions along the Tugela river. Their naval guns have been firing steel-pointed armor-piercing shells. Reports being received that 2000 British cavalry were attempting to out flank us along the Drakensberg ridge, a strong patrol was sent to recon noitra Mistaking the signals, the scouts and patrol proceeded to a kopje from whence a terrific rifle and Maxim gun fire suddenly opened. The Boers lost 14 men killed and 20 wounded. The British loss was prob ably insignificant. The bombardment of the Boer positions from Swartzkop was resumed yes terday, chiefly from a battery brought across the river. In the afternoon the cannorade became exceedingly brisk, and under cover thereof the infantry advanced in three lines to a second row of little kopjes, which they occupied at nightfall, but later they retired to their old position. During the night a score of shells were tired by the Erttish, and a balloon was sent up to spy out the Boer positions. The naval guns resumed the bombardment this morning from a new posi tion, but without results. has dundonaldcotthrough? DURBAN, Natal, Jan. 23.—The statement comes from an excelbnt source In Pietermaritzburg that Lord Dundonald has entered Ladysmith with 1600 men. This Is not confirmed from any other quarter, but it is known that Lord Dundonalds flying column has been acting well to ths left of the line of ad vance. TURNED THE BRITISH ADVANCE. HEAD LAAGER, Ladysmith, Jan. 20—The 69th birthday of General Jou bert was celebrated by General Botha making a reconnaissance in fores towards the Drakensberg mountains and turning the British advance after a short engagement. General Joubert accompanied President Stjyn to the Free State Laager, south of Ladysmith. The president was in high spirits. Ho proposes to make a tour of all the laagers. Ladysmith sent up many colored rockets last night. BRITISH ATTACKED COLESDERC. PRETORIA, Sunday, Jan. 21.—A despatch from Colesberg, Cape Colony, says the British attacked the Boer positions there at 10 oclock this morning. There was heavy fighting, but the result is not known. According to the latest accounts, the Boers were holding their positions. A despatch from Colenso, of Thursday, Jan. 18, says a patrol of 200 men, under Field Cornet Opperman, while scouting, was surrounded, but succeeded in fighting its way back. It is report ed that four men were killed, and that 30 were wounded and made prisoners. (Continued on Third Page.) FREE TRIPS T'iSrMs __ _ Most Popular of P A -  Saleswomen or Salesmen EXPOSITION YOURFAVORITB   4THREE MAY DIE Restaurant-keeper Ross and Two Waitresses Probably Fatally Burned. Charles Roas, a restaurant keeper at 900 Washington street, and two of his waitresses were probably fatally burned about 11.10 today. A kerosene lamp ex ploded in the kitchen off the dining room. Ross and the waitresses en deavored to smother the flames. The alarm came from Box 64. The flames had nearly completely envel oped the kitchen and dining room, and had worked their way up through the walls in the apartments on the other three floors occupied by lodgers, when the apparatus arrived. The interior of the store and the rooms upstairs were practically gutted by fire, and a big damage was caused by water. The estimated damage will be about 4OOO. Roes and the waitresses who were burned were taken to the City Hos pital in the police ambulance. The building is four stories, of brick. WOULD LEAVE TEN CHILDREN FATHERLESS Simonds Attempt at Suicide Did Not Succeed. George Simonds, 44, and father of 10 children, attempted suicide at his home, 385 Harrison avenu., this morning by drinking carbolio acid. Despondency la said to have prompted the act. Si monds was employed at Crossmans tail oring establishment in Washington street. He was taken to the City Hos pital. Fair and 31uch Colder. WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.-For Con necticut and Rhode Island: Fair tonight and Wednesday; colder Wednesday; brisk westerly winds. For Maine: Partly cloudy tonight, with snow flurries, and colder in north ern portion; fair and much colder Wed nesday. cold wave; brisk west to north west winds. For New Hampshire and Vermont: Snow flurries tonight; fair Wednesday; oold wave; brisk westerly to northwest erly winds. For Massachusetts: Fair and much colder tonight and Wednesday; brisk westerly winds. PRICE ONE CENT THE WEATHER.Weak, Worn-Out Mon Renew the Springtime of Youth and Vigor I DR. GREENES NERVURA Blood end Nerve Remedy Renews, Vitalizes, and Invigorates Weak Men. Old before his time I A broken-down, miserable wreck — weak, nervous. discouraged I The world to him seems a place of mist, peopled with ghostly beings, whose vigorous flitting to and fro about their dally tasks  but to irritate him. He sneers at h