NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 15, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: kk91nv122
---
WHERE THE TRAVELERS QUESTS WILL CO—SEE PACE 5. Grand Who Ie Toar Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? : Voting Give your choice a trip to  Paris free. Coupon on page a. i VvlllvjL ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS FOR EVERYBODY FOR THIS WEEK ONLY. Grand Opening —ANDSpecial 6-Day Sale —IN OUR NEW— CUSTOM DEPT Trousers Male to Measure- - 3.33 Actual value 7.00. Suits Made to Measure-   I 3.33 Actual value 22.00. Overcoats Made to Measure. 13.33 Actual value 22.00. High-Grade Fashionable Materi als, honestly made and trimmed and perfect fit, and entire satisfaction guaranteed. Large Variety to Select From. VERY SPECIAL BARGAINS -IN OUR— Mens and Boys Ready to Wear Clothing. Prices cut deep to reduce stock. See Our Show Window. CLOAK DEPT WRAPPERS. WAISTS. Taffeta Silk Waists corded back, front and sleeves, in black and colors, 5.00 to B.OO O Q Q values, at only wa Jz O Small lot Flannel and Mercerized Waists marked from 1.25 and 1.75 each to only 69c 350 Flannelette Wrappers (like cut,) large assortment of patterns, capes over shoulder and nicely trimmed with braid, worth 1.25 each, sale EQz price RAINY DAY SKIRTS.  Storm Skirts in all-wool cov l erts and mixtures, worth 4.00 each, M now marked at each, only,  1.98 4 Haadsomo Skirts  in blue hair line atrips, also brown cheviots, very heavy, with 12 rows stitching I around bottom, k worth 5.00 each, 11 this sale, 2.98 : INTER-STATE CONMERCE 5 j LAW IS INEFFECTIVE. : V ARMINGTON. Jan. 15. —Th 3 Interstate commerce commission today 4  made public its 13th annual report. The feature of the report is the 4 4- strongest plea made that Congress uphold the hands of the ommis- 4 4- sion by amendments making the interstate commerce law more effec- 4 4- tlve.  4- The report says that in vital respects the present law has proved 4 4- defective and inadequate, and that until further legislation is provided 4 4 the best efforts at regulations must be feeble and disappointing. 4 4 The requests of the commission for needful amendments have been 4 4 supported by petitions and memorials from agricultural, manufacturing 4 4- and commercial interests throughout the country; yet, says the report, 4 4- not a line of the statute has been changed and none of the burden- 4 4 some conditions which call for relief have been removed or modified. 4 4 The existing situation and the developments of the past year, It 4 4- is added, render more Imperative than ever before the necessity for 4 4- speedy and suitable legislation. 4. 4- Nine-tenths of the people know that any railroad company can 4 4- charge for its service whatever it pleases, and as much as it pleases, 4 4 without any real power In this commission, or any other tribunal or 4 4 court, to limit the amount of such charge for the future, when com- 4 4- plaint is made by an aggrieved shipper, and they are substantially of 4 4- one mind in desiring that this and other defects in the statute be 4 4- promptly remedh'd.  4- Shippers generally also have been practically unanimous in favor 4 4- of a single clasriflcatlon of freights, one that will be uniform for all 4 4- roads and all sections of the country and reasonably stable when estab- 4 4- llshed. a Genesee Street Robbery. Mary Portella ot 12 Genesee street reported to the police of Division 5, yes terday, that some time during the pre vious night burglars, by the use of false keys, entered her house, ransacked it and stole 56 and a pair of diamond ear rings valued at 3OO. As this is one of several cases reported yesterday, the police believe that a gang of crooks 354 352 356 WASHINGTON STREET, 31 35 33 HAWLEY STREET BOSTON Sold Out to Raymond Friday. Entire stock of Martin Lindblad, No. 427 Westminster street —finest Furnishing Goods Store in Providence, R. I. Elegant Neckwear, Kid Gloves, Shirts, etc., all on sale at half price by the time you read this notice. THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE, 856 Wadiing'tou St. Don't Walt for the Sheriff. Send We Uoston Wavelet. may be making its headquarters in the city. Boyhtnn School Association. A fine array of talent is promised for the social of the Boylston School As sociation, Wednesday night, Jan. 17, in Columbus Hall. The committee has la bored hard to make this entertainment the best yet given. A collation will be served. MOHIS SHOE STORES Continue to Sell Out, And among the latest arri vals is one from New York State. Monday morning you will find its stock on our 50c., 75c. and 95c. Tables Among these shoes will be found many that the manu facturers sell at from  i 6o to 3.00 per pair, by the case. When Short Send tor Haymond. , Well, Bill, Whatcher Going to Do About It T FRENCH SEIZE KWONG-CHAU-WAN They Sink Two Chinese Gunboats and Shell Twenty Villages.  MANDARINS HELD AS HOSTAGES TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 15.—The steamer Elm Branch brings news from Shanghai that French warships have taken possession of Kwong-Chau-Wan bay, where a boundary dispute has been pending for several months. The French commenced operations by sinking two Chinese gunboats, de stroying their guns and ammunition and taking the oft'cers on board the French ship as prisoners. The warships then shelled 20 Chinese villages, com pelling the Chinese troops to move back. A four hours' battle took place at Vegluec, In which the French lost four killed and 28 wounded. The Chinese loss was heavier. After the Chinese retreated, the French forces were divided Into four ex peditions, which pillaged and burned many villages or their march back to the seashore. Several mandarins surrendered to prevent the burning of their towns. They are held as hostages to prevent retaliation by the natives. ELECTRIC HEADLIGHTS ON LOCOMOTIVES SCRANTON, Pa., Jan. 15.—The Dela ware, Lackawanna 38; Western railroad machine shops in this city are equip ping 16 of the company's locomotives with electric headlights, and several of them were put into service today. MASS. PENSIONS WASHINGTON, D. C.. Jan. 15.—The following pension changes, from the is sue of Dec. 29, are announced: Original, widows, special accrued, Jan. 3, Julia Shaughnessy, Framingham, 8; Angelique Bernish, Three Rivers, B. Grand Assault on Cofice. NEW YORK. Jan. 15.—Farmers in sev eral parts of Suffolk county. Long Island, are beginning to be interested in the raising of chicory. James M. Magee of Aquebogue last year put down 100 acres and netted a handsome profit at 7 a ton. Mr. Magee this year will put down 200 acres. I MOTHERS NOT NECESSARY. I When it pomes to hatching chickens, Brecks Incubators will batch the chicks as well as would the best brood heu. To make money in chicken raising, buy our incubat ors. All sizes and all prizes. Everything else to do with successful and profitable poultry raising. Ask for our catalogue ou this subject. BREAKS 51 No. Market St., Boston, Mass. SOLD OUT TO RAYMOND. All the stock of a prominent Neckwear manufacturer in New York, and all on sae Monday. All the regular 25c. kind at JOc. and I sc. and all the 50c. kind 26c. Thousands all ki nds of Gloves. All the latest shades in silk lined and unlined Kid and Mocha, Astrachans, Scotch, Mixed, Buck, and all tne ordinary kind at prices you will only see at RAYMONDS. Dont Walk the Floor Mehta.  Send tor Raymond, MONDAY, JANUARY 15. 1900. PRESS WOMEN. The next Mterary meeting of the New England Woman's Press Associa tion will be held in the Parker House on Wednesday, Jan. 17, at 4 P.M. The programme will be in charge of Mrs. Sara T. S. Leighton, chairman of the programme committee. The afternoon entertainment will consist of a lecture by Mrs. Mao D. Frazer, a member of the association, on "Paris and the Ex position," profusely illustrated with fine stereopticon views. The members are to hear a concert given by the Ed ison Concert Graphophone. There will also be whistling solos by Miss Ella Chamberlain and a group of songs the words by Mrs. Ella C. Gay, the music by Mrs. Alice Fessenden Peterson, sung by Miss C. M. Little, a pupil of Miss Anna Miller Wood. THE WEATHER. air; Variable Winds. WASHINGT'OJ, Jan. 15.—New Eng land: Fair tonight, increasing cloudiness Tuesday; variable winds. LADY MARIAS HEIRS PARIS, Jan. 15.—Edward, John L. and Philip Livingstone, living in New York city, hav? cabled Consul-General Gowdy claiming to be brothers and sole heirs, if no will is found, of .Lady Maria Livingstone, the eccentric woman whose death wad announced from here Jan. 13. ON MONDAY MORNING We offer all the balance of the stock of Ladies Yomo Waists of Brilliantine, Flannels, etc. Two, Three, Four and Five Dollar Waists at choice, 95c., and a small lot of custom made, latest styie and best quality Black Silk Taffeta Waists, the 5.98 kind, for THREE DOLLARS. Wheu BuHineMN Geta Dull Send tor Haymond. WHACK FILIPINOS AGAIN Several Engagements Disastrous to Them, Says Otis. WASHINGTON. Jaw. 15.—The War Department today received the follow ing report from General Otis: Manila, Jan. 15.—8010 men and armed Insurgents, robbers from Zeambelds mountains attacked two companies, Twenty-fifth Infantry, ONeil command, at Iba, Jan. 6, driven and pursued with loss to them of 50 men; no casualties. Schwan's troops east and south Santo Tomas, Batanzasa. Yesterday Cheatham's baittalion, Thirty-seventh, struck enemy east Sun Tomas on San Pablo road; enemy left five dead on field; cavalry soon appear ing pursued eastward; Cheatham's cas ualties one wounded. Anderson, Thirty-eighth, en route to Lipa yesterday, struck insurgents few miles south Santo Tomas, drove them through Lipa to Rosa Rio; enemy's loss 20 dead and wounded, 60 Spanish prisoners, 20,000. Schwan hat. liberated about 200 Span ish prisoners, now en route to Manila. Anderson's casualties yesterday, one man killed, two wounded; Wheatons force actively operating in Western Ca vite and Batanga provinces; all import ant towns held and constant patrolling; great many Filipinos returning to homes believed to be insurgent deserters. (Signed) OTIS. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ELECTION — Efforts are being made to have the railroads represented on the board of directory of the Boston Chamber of Commerce at the annual election to be held tomorrow. The railroads have not been represented on the board for sev eral years. The election of A. S. Crane, general traffic manager of the Fitch burg railroad, is strongly endorsed. No No No No No No No No No No No No No advance advance advance advance advance in in in in In in in in in in in In in in In in our our our onr our our our our our our our our price prices prices prices prices prices prices. BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 HANOVER STREET. The Raymond Syndicate have marked and sold staple mer chandise more than 400,000 less than the prices such goods were marked in stores we have bought out in 18 months. Many of the most expensive stocks, wherein we give you a creditors loss and save you the great expense of pr de and tinsel show. 352-4-6 WASHINGTON ST. When the Lawyer. First Tackle .You Send for llaymoud. LAST - 6.30 P. M ACROSS TUCELA? Gen. Warren's Forces Said To Have Occupied a Strong Position On the North Side. WOOD 111 THE FREE STATE CAPE TOWN, Jan. 15. —A despatch to the Argus, dated Jriday last, Jan. 12, says: The authorities have received n.-ws that General War ren has crossed the Tugela and occupied a strong position north of the river. This report has been current here since yesterday, but it is discredited in official circles. LONDON, Jan. 15. —General Bullers movement at the Tugela river, concerning which there has been so much un certainty now appears clear. Buller, himself, with 15,000 men, is 20 miles west of Co lenso at Potgieters drift. General Warren with 10,000 men, is 20 miles to the east of Colenso and has crossed the Tugela beyond Weenan. Genera. Clery with 5,000 troops holds the Boer front at Colenso. This accounts for all the Brit'sh forces under Bul ler, and their disposition forces the Boers to make practically the same division. Though their forces are more mobile than the British and though they hold interior lines, their 20 miles of entrench ments in front of Colenso are rendered worthless by the far reaching flanking movement of the British. Both Buller and Warren may be able to strike them when the are untrenched. Despatches report that all the Colonial mounted troops are with Warren which shows that a rapid movement is planned for turning the Boers left. The belief that a great battle is now in progress at three points on the Tugela river has stirred London to a high pitch of excitement. GEN. WOOD IN ENEMY'S COUNTRY. ORANGE RIVER, Friday, Jan. 12. —General Wood, for the first time in the campaign, has established a post in the enemys country. With a force of all arms he took up a posi tion Jan. 6 at Zoutpans Drift, on the north side of the Orange River in the Free State. ,  COULDNT OUTFLANK THE BOERS. LONDON, Jan. 15.—The war office i sued at midnight a despatch from Field Marshal Roberts, dated Cape Town, Sunday. Jan. 14, 8.30, P.M., saying: There is no changs in the situation today. The war office simultaneously issued the following from Lord Roberts, dated Cepe Town, Jan. 13. 3.30 P.M.: Methuen's cavalry reconnotssance re- (Continued on Last Page.) The Raymond Syndicate Our 31-33-35 Hawiey St. connect- ( ing store is full of DRY GOODS. Monday a small Dry Goods 1 store from Cleveland, Ohio, and I balance of numerous Fancy Goods 1 stores, all marked at prices that ! must sell them. Many things, 1-4 —1-3 and nothing over 1-2 the common prices. When You Are Tired Send for Haymond. _ 1 The Raymond Syndicate desire to submit that they sell al! kinds of reliable Clothing and Boots and Shoes at better values than any store in New England, and customers appreciate this and get better treatment than at any other store. AU we ask is an op portunity to prove it 352-4-6WashingtonSt WheU Yon Want to Sell Out Send lor Knytuund. FREE TRIPS TO PARIS EXPOSITION TRAVELERS mag nificent prizes for Most Popular o Saleswomen or Salesmen VOTE FOR YOLR FAVORITE FOUGHT FOR HER HONOR Mrs. Carr Says 7 Sha Was Assaulted By Walter Barrett in the Tremont Building. JANITOR TO RESCUE Others Helped Him Hold the Man Until Police Came. WOMAN SEVERELY HURT Walter K. Barrett, a Concord busi ness man, about 26 years old and a nephew of Charles Blanchard, a pros perous Lowell drugg'st, was arrested in the Tremont building in Tremont street today on a very serious charge. His accueer Is Mrs. Harriet M. Carr, who lives with her husband, Fred Catr, at 98 Belmont street, Somerville, and who acts as an amanuensis for her brother, Lawjer A. A. Folsom, In room 613 of the building mentioned. The charge against Barrett is at tempted criminal assault. The alleged offense occurred about 11 oclock this forenoon In the toilet room on the sixth floor, quite near Lawyer Folsoms of fice. and a short distance from the ele vator. Mrs. Carr received severe injuries, but she foiled her assailant by scream ing and drawing a number of persona to her assistance, the janitor Inclu