NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 25, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: m326tc14m
---
NEW DEVELOPMENT IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST -- - SEE PAGE 2. Who Io Tow Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? GHa yoor choice a trip to Faris free. Coupon on page x Grand Voting i Contest ESTABLISHED 1824. HOW ALDERMAN DAY STANDS Makes a Public Statement of His Position In Regard To The Chairmanship. STICKS TO OTOOLE AMermtn Day has made a statement regarding his position In the chairman ship fight. He is still a candidate, but will vote for Doyle whenever the latter shows on a roll call that he has a majority of the Democratic aidermen supporting him. Aiderman Day says he will continue to vote for Frank J. OToole for city clerk, because he has promised to do so. He says he cancelled his agreement with the mayor and the five Republican aldermen to vote for himself, because such action, after mature thought, would violate his conscience. Aiderman Day today called upon the representatives of the press in City Hall to explain his position. He said that the newspapers and the public did not seem to understand how he stood. He had a written statement and hand ed It to the newspaper writers. It is given In full below. In this statement Aiderman Day does not promise to assist Aiderman Doyle ALDERMAN FREDERICK W, DAY. in getting a roll call for chairman. That, perhaps, is the most significant feature of the document. Aiderman Day says: Inauguration day I stood as a candi date for chairfan of the Board of Aider men. The vote stocd Doyle 4, Norton 2, Day 2. with the Republicans voting for Codman and Jordan. Strong efforts were made to get me to vote for Doyle because he had been picked out by the Democratic laders as th most available party candidate. In answer to this pressure I promised to vote for Doyle when he had a majority of the Demo cratic votes, that is when he had five Democratic votes, as a loyal party man, I would make the sixth. "The contest went on without change until the arrangement was made be tween the two opposing factions of my party by which Donovan was to be A New Emperor Named in China SHANGHAI, Jan. 25.— The North China Dally News publishes an edict signed last night by Emperor Kwangsu, appointing as emperor In his place Putsing, the nine-year-old son of Prince TUano. The new emperor will ascend the throne on January 31 LONDON, Jan. 25.—The Chinese m inister here was evidently expecting news of some important events at Pekin, for whn the story of the em peror's abdication was communicated to him by a representative of the Asso ciated Press he said: I have no official news on the subject. I knew something was going on in Pekin, but nothing has yet been officially communicated to me. MOLiNEUX TRIAL GOES TO MONDAY NB7W YORK, Jan. 25.—The trial of Roland B. Mollneux was adjourned from today until Monday next. Juror Manheim Brown still being ill Mr. Brown, who Is juror No. 10, left the oourt after adjournment on Tues day, suffering so badly from rheuma tism that he had to be assisted to a carriage. Yesterday he was too ill to leave his bed and Recorder Goff ad journed ths proceedings until today. Mr. Brown's physician sent word to ths oourt today that his patient would bo unable to leave his house before Monday next. Light Rescue Mission. Mrs. E. M. Whittemore of New York was the principal speaker at the meet ings before the Borton Light Rescue Mission held today at 65 Warrenton (street at 10 and 2 oclock. She, with several other speakers, talked in behalf of spreading the mission work ail over Boston ana vicinity. — elected city clerk and Doyle chairman, and I was expected to support the ar rangements by which I was to be de feated. "I was then promised the election as chairman by the Republicans if I would vote for myself anti ake some conces sions to the miniritj. I accepted the arrangement and promised in the pres ence of the mayor to take the office, feeling that my pledge to Doyl would not be violated because he would not show that h had a majority of the Dem ocrats until after the roll call, and It would then be too late as I would have been elected chairman. After considering the matter over night, I came to the conclusion that my personal ambition had quieted my conscience, and this reasoning of the night before would not stand the test of mature consideration. I then clear ly saw that with a proper regard to my promise I must withdraw my rte until the roll call, and then if Mr. Doyle had five Democratic votes, I must cast my vote with them. I also arrived at the conclusion that as a Democrat, while I was at liberty to ac cept Republican votes if they thought it for the best interest of the city to give them, yet I could not make any arrangements for receiving these votes. "Within 12 hours of my acceptance of the chairmanship. I withdraw my promise, and I had but little hesitation, in doing this, because I was resigning my personal ambition from what I believed to be conscientious motives. I have also promised to assist OToole for the city clerkship, and al though still a candidate for the chair manship, I will keep my promise to Doyle, when necessity arises. I will also be true to OToole, therefore, in accordance with ray promise I now stand ready to vote for Doyle Whenever ha shows on a roll call that he has a majority of the Democratic votes. This is a very unpleasant situation I that the former warring factions of my party have created, and I do not feel that here Is need of any haste on my part to help them carry out their agreement. Aftet Mr. Day left the newspaper men a close political and personal friend of the East Boston aiderman called upon them and stated that the Noddle Island leaders, irrespective of party, were urg ing Mr. Day to accept the chairman ship. It was also stated that a petition to that effect, bearing 1000 signatures, the names of both Democrats and Republi cans, would be laid upon Aiderman Days desk tomorrow. It was further stated by the friends of Alderman Day that ex-Councilman Joseph H. Hickey of East Boston had stated this morning that ho wanted all of the nine councilmen who voted for him (Hickey) last Thursday night to vote for Frank J. OToole tonight. Mr. Days friend said that tonight the Wards 2 and 6 councilmen would sup port O'Toole and that In East Boston the sentiment was streng against E. J. Donovan because he was M. M. Lomas neys candidate and that the Ward 8 leader had fought William J. Donovan, Patrick J. Kennedy and the late John H. Sullivan so hard in the past that this was no time fo- East Boston to support the opponents of Its honored leaders. Tho statement vas made at City Hall today that OToole was shown a letter last night by a Republican representa tive, tn which he was requested to use his Influence with bis friends in the council in behalf of E. J. Donovan. It was also alleged that a like letter had been sent from Ward 8 to every Repub lican representative and senator In Suf iolk county. THE WEATHER. Snow; Colder. WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—For Maine: Snow tonight, with warmer In west portion: Friday rain or snow and much colder; high southeasterly winds, shift ing late tonight to westerly. For New Hampshire and Vermont: Snow and colder tonight; Friday clear ing and with a cold wave; high south easterly to northwesterly winds. For Massachusetts: Rain or snow to night, with colder in west portion; Fri day clearing and much colder; high southeasterly shifting to westerly and northwesterly winds. For Rhode Island and Connecticut: Rain; much colder Friday, with rain, changing to snow; high southeasterly, shifting to westerly and northwesterly winds. Concannon Recovering. Lawrence Concannon, 70 years of age, living at 6 Terry street, while crossing Tremont opposite Vernon street yes terday afternoon, was knocked down by an electric car. He received a bad scalp wound and was removed to the City Hospital. He is resting comforta bly today, , . She Wiofjton brawler L-ZXST      6.30 P M ENGLISH SURROUNDED    4  4    o STATE CONTROL Harriman Asks Legislature For a Bond of Railroad Administration. SAVE MILLIONS, HE SAYS A bm was introduced in the Legislature today, which may be the first rtep in the establishment of state control of railroads In Massachusetts. The bill was Introduced on petition of George W. R. Harriman, civil and consulting engineer, and provides for a Board of Railroad Administration of fifteen members, including the railroad commissioners and three state direc tors, who shall have general supervision over the actual operations of the railroads. The board is further assisted by a subordinate staff of eight offi cers and eight assistants to the subordinate staff, Including a clerk, counsel, auditor, general manager, freight agent, passenger traffic agent, chief en gineer and superintendent. The bill gives to the commonwealth a complete board of administrators, the same in number and value as independent rail road corporations are now maintaining, and it will be their duty to look out for ad control the states Interests In railroad matters. It provides that the board shall determine the reasonable and proper pro portion of expenditures to the earnings and capitalization of the railroads, and to define a conservative policy of entire railroad supervision that will be known as the Standard System of Railroad Operation. Mr. Harriman estimates that this proposition calls for the expenditure of 160,000 annually, to be divided among the high paid officials which it creates, but upon his Interpretation of the official railroad reports published by the state, it will save to the state in aggregate, in the case of one rail road alone, ten times its cost, or 11,600,000 annually. Here is the bill In full: 1 COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHU SETTS. In the Year One Thousand Nine Hun dred. AN ACT TO ESTABLISH A BOARD OF RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION. Be It enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court as sembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: Section 1. There Is hereby established a board of railroad administration con sisting of fifteen persons, including the members of the Board of Railroad Com missioners, ex-offiois, and including three state directors, ex-offlcls. The governor, with the advice and consent of the executive council, shall, upon the passage of this act, appoint the remain ing members of said board of adminis tration. as follows: Three for three years, three for two years and three for one year, to hold office until July 1, 1903, July 1 1902, July 1, 19C1, respectively, and the governor shall In the same man ner etch year hereafter appoint three new members for a term of three years to continue in office for three years from said July Ist; and if a vacancy happens, he shall, In the same manner, appoint a member for the residue of the term, and may, In the same manner, remove any member. Said board shall forthwith organize and elect a presi dent, two vice-presidents and treasurer from their number. See. 2. Said board shall have a clerk, an assistant clerk, a general counsel, an assistant counsel, a general auditor, an assistant auditor, a general manager, an assistant general manager, a freight agent, an assistant freight agent a pas senger traffic agent, an assistant pas senger traffic agent, a chief engineer, an assistant engineer, a general superin tendent and an assistant general super intendent. 'The general officers to be appointed for a term of thrbe years, by the governor, and the respective assist ants to be appointed by the respective general officers. Sec 3. The general powers and du ties of the board. It hiall be the duty of said board to determine by following the statutes, implied or general rules of railroading, as far as they deem expe dient, the duties of the several offices hereby created, and the board shall cause said officers to make such special Investigations, recommendations, com pilations and devise such system of railroad operation as will determine tho most economical policy as well as the the most expensive policy pursued by independent railroad corporations oper ating railroads in this commonwealth, and from the results thus obtained said officers shall submit such recon-menda tlons, reports, investigations and all in formations and data, and devise or sug gest such an economical system of op eration that will not jeopardize the bus iness and property of the common wealth, and that will provide a 6 per cent dividend upon the actual cost of said railroads. Said board Shull receive such information as above provided, and make such further investigation and study as Lt may deem proper, and shall THURSDAY. JANUARY 25, 1900. devise, create and maintain such sys tem as will disclose all the earnings and expenditures and determine the pioper and practical proportions of expenses or expenditures for eacn puriicular branch of railroad operation and management, and such system will be thereafter known as the Standard System for Rail road Operations. Sec. 4. Said board shall have access to all reports, documents, papers, con tracts or any other information relating to railroad or railway or transaction of all nature whatsoever pertaining di rectly or indirectly to the subfect mut ter herein oontaino 1, that may be r become In the possesion f any state commission or public officer of tho com monwealth, and shall have access in o far as the statutes provide o any pri vate corporations or persons books, as any other officer of the oomninwelth has or shall have the right to examine. Said board shall make its first import before July 1, 1900, and annually theie after to the Legislature of Massachu setts. Sec. 5. All the expenses of said board shall not exceed the sum of 160,000 an nually, including the salaries of the ad ministrators at 6OOO annually, 4OOO an nually for the general officers, and 3OOO annually for the assistants. The oomIT DEPENDS UPON WHICH END YOU HAVE HOLO OF. pensation for the railroad commission ers and state directors 1a to be provided for as heretofore and not included in this statement. The expenses for this board shall be provided for in the same manner as the compensation and ex penses of the railroad commlssionens, as in Sec. 12, Chap. 112. Sec. 6. Any railroad or railway cor poration in the commonwealth that Is not operating its railway or railroad within a reasonable varying limit as de termined by the board of administration of the standard system of operation, shall be notified by said board as to what changes should be made in order to do so, and if such changes are not made Immediately or within a reason able time and conformed to and main tained by said railroad company, then it shall forfeit its charter and the board of administration shall thereafter op e-ata the road so long as they can maintain a 6 per cent dividend, as de-, termined in Sec. 3, for its stockholders after interest charges and operating ex penses have been paid, or said board may proceed under the general law to acquire the road for the state, provided, however any railroad acquired by the boar