NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 07, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: np199j86t
---
'35,000 MARK TRIP TO PARIS EXPOSITION FREE. Watch THE TRAVELERS Voting Con. test for Bostons Most Popular Saleswomen or Salesmen. TRIPTO JAMAICA FREE. " ESTABLISHED 1824. PWIVSByiRt  No Matter What The Flour That BEST; You pay, no man ever bought a better flour than PILLSBURYS BEST. PILLSBURY'S BEST is always guaranteed — and I guaranteed means that if it is not found to be The sells the world over higher by the car-load than any other flour made in the United States. BEST, your money will be refunded by the agents, no matter where, when or of whom you bought it. DELIVERED RETAIL PRICE, PER BARREL FOR SALE BY Cobb, bates38; yerxa Ce AND ALL LEADING GROCERS. TAYLORSTILL HOLDING OFF FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 7.—Govern nor Taylor announced tfhis morning that he had not signed the Louisville agreement and that no action would be taken before a late hour in the day. He would say nothin to indicate that It was certain he would decide upon anythin even then. "I am to consult with seme gentlemen today, he said, and nothin will be decided until after I see them. S The gentlemen alluded to are ex-Governor Bradley and Colonel W C P Breckimridge, both of whom are Governor Taylors attorneys. '   RUMOR THAT HE YIELDED. LONDON Ky.. Feb. 7.-A rumor became current early this mom In that a message had been received saying Governor Taylor had signed the con ferenee agreement, ami the London Legislature would be recalled For a time It created the greatest excitement, but the rumor could not be confirmed, and finally died out. not GOEBEL TRAIN STARTS, i COVINGTON. Ky., Feb. 7,-The spe gal Goebel funeral train left here early ds morning for Frankfort, where it as due at 11 A.M. In the procession I BIGELOW NOT SERIOUSLY INJURED J. S. Bigelow, president of the Atlas National Bank, said yesterday that he had heard from his son. J. S. Bigelow, Jr., who was shot at Ponce, P. R., by a policeman. He said: I heard from his late yesterday after noon and learned that he was not seri ously Injured. He is out of all danger. 1000 YARDS OF Linoleum Slightly damaged by water en transit, to be sold at 30c, 40c AND 50c Regular price of these grades, 75c- 85c. and l.OO per yard. Also, a quantity of REMNANTS from 4 yds. up, at 20c and 30c Per Yd.  Gilbert, Brooks 38; Tebbotl,; RETAIL AND WHOLESALE, 5 39 and 41 Summer St.,  joining C.F. Hoiq 38; Co. BOSTON. t PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST  SEE PAGE 2. I ao ?   l  1  anli the casket from Odd Fellows Hall to the Cnesapeake 38; Ohio depot this morning there was no band no uniformed orders, no badges of any kind, no carnages, nut an almost end less line of neighbors. REBELS DRIVEN AWAY They are Pushed Out of Legaspi Now. REVOLT OF SPANISH MANILA. Feb. 7. — The Insurgents lave been driven out of Legaspi, on Al ay bay, Province of Albay. The rebels of Tayabas province were :onvylng some 300 Spanish prisoners to Lbmanan, and on arriving there the iris oners, exhausted and starved, re volted and dispersed their guards with tones and clubs. They also captured a few riflis and arricaded themselves at Libmanan, vhere they are awaiting the arrival of Lmerican troops. T. PHILIPSREUNION A reunion of the members of St. hilip's parish will be held in Copley all, Copley square, this evening from until 2. This parish was formerly nown as St. Patrick's, and is one of he oldest and most influential in the ity. Rev. Philip J. O'Donnell Is pas r of the churoh. Che wwton traveler LRST 6.30 P. M: THOUSANDS COLLECTED BATTLE RACING 4  Fierce Attack By the Brit ish Against the Boers at Tugela River. OSE ENSIiSTIEPOLSED BOER HEAD LAAGER, Ladysmith, Tuesday, Feb. 6. —Since yesterday the British, with naval and other guns, have bombarded our positions on the Upper Tugela. The troops crossed the river at the Pont and at Molen Drift, with the object of storming our positions. At the former, General B recrossed in great confusion, urges beat them back and they The fighting continues at Molen Drift with the Stander ton and Joannesburg commandos. There were no casualties on our side. The cannonade was the fiercest yet experienced. There was a continuous roaring all day long. This morning it recommenced with an increased number of guns. ROBERTS-KITCHENER OFF FOR FRONT CAPE TOWN, Feb. 6.—Lord Rjoberts and General Kitchener have started to the front. LONDON, Feb. 7. —As this information was held up for several hours by the censor it seems to indicate that an impor tant movement is on foot. (Continued on Third Page.) THE MOUSE — Want any help there, Leo? Pbila. Record.                    WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 7. 1900. BOMBAYS BIG LIST OF DEAD BOMBAY, Feb. .—The mortality In this city yesterday was unprecedented. There was a total of 408 deaths. The situation is aggravated by the advent of famine refugees. WESTTND  ROBBERSCAUGHT Two Division 3 policemen captured a pair of highwaymen thia morning, who are believed to be responsible for many of the robberies in this city the past .hree weeks. The prisoners are Albert Freudenthal, 20, of r2 Staniford street, and John T. Dunn, 20, of 116 Leverett street. West End. The robbers were caught going through one Henry Foley of Paw tucket, R. 1., In Cushman avenue, off Leverett street. West End, shortly after 1 o'clock, by Patrolmen W. J. Lane and P. J. Leahey. The robbers had Foley down, and were choking him, when the officers heard the scuffle. Inspector Tom Barry thinks that the prisoners are New York footpads, and that they have been operating in this city several weeks. In the Municipal Court, before Judge Sullivan, they had their cases continued to Feb. 9, each man being held in BOO. THE WEATHER. Rnln Tomorrow WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.—For New England: Warmer and cloudy tonight, with rain in west portion: Thursday rain; winds shifting to brisk easterly. Receiver for Biel Syndicate. NEW YORK. Feb. 7.—Justice An drews of the Supreme Court has ap pointed Mortimer Stiefel receiver for the Robert Biei syndicate, theatrical agents. Everything to Furnish a Home: , ....0N... I EASY TERMS. t Ranges s l' l.OO a Week Until Paid For t 4 Other Goods on Same Easy Terms 4 for Thia Month Only.  holmesTluce38;co.l (Suocessorg to 0. H. BOBINBON 38; 03.),  Furniture, Carpet g, Bangeg, Draperies, Eto  140 Washington St.XXi ieb7-e-4t Hay for South Africa? Large quantities of bay are going forward to South Africa, including 20.000 tons shipped by Win. C. Bloomingdale of New York and B stou. After February Ist, 1900, you can buy your hay in lota of eue ton or more, direct from Wm. C. Bloomingdale, who will sell you at prices ranging from 2 to 4 per ton less than you pay the retail dealer. Savo the middle mans prefit by placing your orders for hay and straw with the largest wholesale dealer of bay in the world. WM. C. BLOOMINGDALE, Room G, Chamber Commerce. Telephone 1348 Boston. feb7-lt HAVE YOU Visited the Bowdoiu Square Garden tor ladies and gentlemen, under the Bowdoln-Square Hotel? Ladles' entrance No. 2. 2nd door from Theatre; music 7 to 11 P.M. feb3-aoer-4t Tutlcey Din ner Soup. FlsL. Turkey with Cranberry Sauce and Celery. Vegetable. One Entree. Pie and Pudding, Tea, Coffee or Milk. 35 and 37A Arch St. L. H. Curtis, Prop. febG6t What Is to Be Done With the Money Solicited to Push the Anti-Deparment Store Bill? CONTRIBUTORS WANT TO KNOW Who has all the money collected by persons representing themselves as agents of the Massachusetts Anti - Department Store League? What is being done and what is going to be done with the money collected from small retail dealers who paid 2, 3 and more each in the belief that the money was to be expended in pushing through the Legislature the bill to tax the department stores annually? The men who have paid this money are asking the first question, the people of the state ask the other. The money has and is being collected. It may aggregate 9OOO or lO,OOO. Senator Innes admits that the people behind this bill evi dently believed that it would cost a huge sum of money to put this bill through the Legislature. How was this money to be expended? Senator Innes acted as any member of the Legisla ture would in introducing a bill for constituents. Ex-Senator William A. Morse acted as counsel for the petitioners at the hearing already held. Another hearing will be held Feb. 14. He says Eben F. Graves paid him his re tainer. Eben F. Graves of 15 Court square says that from 2500 to 3OOO has been spent for counsel fees and other expenses. The course of this bill will be closely watched by those interested. IT WILL COST MONEY, SAYS SENATOR INNES Senator Charlss H. Innas, who intro duced the bill for the taxation of de partment stores into the Senate, was seen by THE TRAVELER at the State House, and said with reference to the organization and purpose of the antiDepartment Store League: Personally, I have no connection with the league in any way. It is, I supposed, organized for the purpose of helping the bill towards its passage in both Houses of the Legislature. The promoters and drafters of the b.ll doubt less seeing that it will require money to successfully carry the bill through the Senate and House, have taken advan tage of the fact that the smalbr deal ers are the ones most benefited by the enactment of the bill as a law, and have applied to them for the funds nec essary to carry the matter to a success ful Issue. I, however, simply know that there is such an organization, and I do not know who its officers are, and in only a very general way its aims in ra gard to the passage of this bill. I Introduced the bill into the Senate In Just the way a number of bills are Introduced. It is one of ths duties of members of the Legislature to introduce bills drafted by their constituents when accompanied with the necsssary peti tion, and it waa in this way that I be came connected with this bill. Ex-Senator William A. Morse came to me and asked that I Introduce the bill. I did so, but I only gatherad a general idea of the scope and purpose of the bill, and, indeed, I know but very little of its wording. I did not read it through carefully. I AM MERELY COUNSEL, SAYS MORSE Ex-Senator William A. Morse, attor ney for the petitioners in the matter of the antf-department store bill, was seen by THE TRAVELER this morning, and said: My connection with the Anti-Depart ment Store League L entirely limited to the office of counsel for ti  petition ers. I was retained by Herbert F. Soule of Holmes, Luce 38; Co., representing a committee of the petitioners, and who is active In the promotion of the bill, to present the measure before the Joint Judiciary Committee of the Legisla ture. I did this, but aside from this I have no connection with the affairs of the Anti-Department Store League. I was retained last July, and have been concerned with the drafting of the bill and its agitation since that time. The signers of the petition accom panying the bill are among the most reputable business men and firms of Boston. These men believe that the measure will greatly benefit the trade among the smaller dealers and have en tered Into this combination to insure beneficial legislation. The petitioners are willing to subscribe money for this purpose and have done so. It is per fectly legitimate for them to do so. One thing that gives character to the bill is the fact that such men as John Larrabee, chairman of the State Board of Pharmacy, head the list of signers, and that the names of a number of the senators and representatives of the Massachusetts legislature axe among the signers of this petition. As far as I know, the Anti-Depart ment Store League has no formal or ganization. but Is rather an informal combination of those who would be ben efited by the passing of the bill to fur ther the interests of the measure in both houses of the Legislature. It is my opinion that the bill will fall owing to pressure brought by the larger department stores in the Legis lature to prevent any legislation directly affecting their interests, as this bill most undoubtedly would. GEN. OLMSTEAD BECOMES PRIEST NEW YORK, Feb. 7.—General W. A. Olmstead, says a Notre Dame, Ind., de spatch, has been ordained a deacon of the Church of the Sacred Heart, Notre Dame, and will tomorrow become a priest of the Roman Catholic church. General Olmstead entered the army during the civil war as a captain in the Second New York Infantry, and rose to be colonel of the Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers. He was mustered out a brevet brigadier. He entered Notre Dame as a student six years ago, having previously been an army surgeon. FLOOD OF BILLS The time has expired for ths introduc tion of bills and petitions into the Leg islature. The number presented this year exceeds that of any previous ses sion. Eight hundred and ninety-eight bills and petitions have been received in the House this year, as compared with 764 in 1899. The Senate has not received as many as last year. A g. 35.000 Fire at Altoona. ALTOONA, Pa., Feb. 7.—The Wolf block was destroyed by fire early today, entailing a loss of nearly 135,000; insured. ROOMS TO LET THE TRAVELER is acknowledged the finest Rooms To Let medium ill New England. 2 LINES—6 DAYS—SO CENTS. GUPTILL WANTS BALM He Sues Capt. Galliano F0r525,000. ALLEGED-ALIENATION PLYMOUTH. Feb. 7.-Georre W. Gup till of Boston has untered a suit in th Plymouth County Superior Court against Captain Alfred Galliano, a prominent resident of Hull, to recover 25,000 for the alleged alienation of his wifes affections. The troubles of both principals in the case have been aired in the courts with in the past two years. Captain Galliano who is a selectman of Hull, is also remembered in connec tion witih tho celebrated Nantasket liquor cases, which were tried here last year. Roxbury Pastor Rrslßni, Rev. George Skene has sent in his resignation as pastor of the Winthrop Street M. E. Church, Roxbury, to take effect at the annual conference to be held in April. Mr. Skene resigns on account of poor health. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream (Registered.) Is being used extensively by the lead ing physicians of Boston, who highly indorse the same because of its follow ing excellent qualities: Ist, Ylang Ylang Cold Cream does not make hair grow on the face. 2d. Ylang Ylang Gold Cream will not be come rancid. 3d. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will prevent the face and hands from chapping if used night and morning. 4th. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will remove blackheads, pimples and freckles. sth. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream does not contain either lard or vaseline. 6th. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream can be bought at all toilet counters at the fol lowing prices: 1 os. Jar, 10 cts.; 4 oi. Jar, 25 cts.; 1 lb. Jar. 75 cts.  Manufactured by PAUL C. KLEIN, Chem ist. cor. Boylston and Tremont sts., Boston; WEEKS 38; POTTER. Whob sale Agents, 860 Washington st., Boston, Mass. 100 Bland's French Iron Pills (5 grs.) 23a. By mall. 28c. 50 Effervescent Lithla Tablets (5 grs. each) 19a By mall, 24c. Kleins Pharmacy, Cor. Boylston and Tremont Sts., (Opp. Touralne.) BOSTON. feb7ea4 PRICE OKE CENI2 STIL