NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 10, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: nv93cb469
---
I I TWO TRIPS TO PARIS FREE! JOIN THE BOSTON TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST! Who la Tour Farorito Saleswoman or Salesman ? (Mre row choice  trip to Faria free. Coupon on page X ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. Grand January Sale IN OHB NEWLY-LOCATED DRY GOODS DEPT Special cut prices to bring crowds to this department in its new location. LINEN OEPT. Fringed Napkins, full 18 Inches square, with red and blue borders, regular price 620. January sale price, per doz., 47 cents II Linen Silyer I leach Damask Cloths, with border all around, 2 yards long, extra heavy quality, always retailed at fi.so. January saie price, each, 98 cents Half Bleached Linen Table Dam ask, full 2 yards wide, imported to retail at 50c. During our January sale or while it lasts, per yard, 35 cer.ts Full Bleached All Linen Irish Table Damask, full 2 yards wide, very fine and extra heavy, a bargain at 69c. January sale price, per yard, 50 cents WHITE BED SPREADS White Crochet Spreads, large enough for double bed, hemmed and ready for use, value 75c. Jan uary sale price, each, 55 cents Extra Heavy White Crochet Spreads, 2J yards wide by 2X long, emmed and ready for use, positively worth 1.39. January sale price, each, 98 cents All of above subject to slight Imperfections. WHITE GOODS AND FLANNELS Large Lot White Check Nainsooks, a good assortment of checks, regu lar price 7Jc. January sale price, per yard, 5 cents 1 Lot Apron Lawns, 40 inches wide, with deep open work and imitation tuck edge, regular 25c. quality. January sale price, per yard, 15 cents White Embroidered All-wool Flan nel, full yard wide, in hemstitched and scalloped edges, regular price 75c. yard. January sale price, per yard, 50 cents SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. Fruit of the Loom Sheets, size 2X  by 2 4 y irds, tern and finished in 3 and 1 inch hems, ironed and ready for use. Act lally worth today 70c. For Thursday only, each, 49 cents Quantities Limited. Bleached Pillow Cases, finished in 3 inch hems, laundered and ready for use, made from the famous Daisy cotton, cotton alone worth 120, yd. For Thursday only, each, 10 cents STAPLES HELD IN BOOO E. B. Staples was arraigned in the j maica Plain District Court today, charged with assault upon his wife Sarah with a knife with intent to kill. He pleaded not guilty and was h;ld in SBUOO for a hearing Jan. 24. The government was represented by Captain Dugan of the Bureau of Crim inal Investigation. John McDonald and D. B. Ruggles appeared for Staples. Mrs. Staplss condition is unchanged, but her case te regarded favorably by the hospital physicians lIXBRIDGFmILLSOLI) WOONSOCKET, R. 1., Jan. 10.—The sale of the woolen mill property of the late Charles C. Capron, at Uxbridge. Mars., is announced. The purchaser is Edward Whitin. of Whitinsville, Mass., representing the Whitinsville Bank. The price paid wm 42,900. THE MOST POPULAR SALESMAN. Send your favorite salesman to Purls as The Travelers guest. Your vote will help do it. Voting nn Omro 2. coupon is on Page a. thTbest 38;2.00 1 RR-GALLON WHISKEY ever sold is that which has been PURIFIED by DR. CUSHINGS PROCESS. Compare tills, our lowest grade of whiskey, with that you buy elsewhere at any price. No charge for jugs and bottles. MEDICAL SUPPLY CO., Sole owners, 50 Washington bt., Lostou. PANTS PANTS PANTS MENS PANTS PANTS PANTS 12,000 pairs Schoeneman Pants, all marked and on sale when you see this notice. Never in the history of the clothing business have the people been offered such honestly made and reliable Pants at l, 1.50, 2, 3 a pair. Through and through Worsteds at 3 you cannot buy in common make for less than 4, while every pair of the 1 Pants are worth two pairs of the 1.98 half-made Pants you read about. Yours truly, THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE, 352-4-6 WASHINGTON ST. Grand Voting Contest POLICE BALL. The police ball takes place this even ing in Mechanics building, and prom ises to be a big success. The commit tee from the Relief Association has been at work night and day endeavoring to make the ball a big financial suc cess. More than 17,000 tickets have been distributed, and the greater part of these have been sold, business men, es pecially, being ready purchasers. The relief fund of the association has suf fered heavily during the past few years on account of deaths. Tonights pro ceeds will go to replenish the treasury of the organization. A detail of officers from each station will act as aids, under the direction of Captain Hunt of Division 11. who is floor director. PRES. DEVEREUX CORRECTS A MISTAKE ROXBURY, Jan. 9, 1900. To the Editor. A statement In your issue of Jan. 9 said that a division of Hibernians in Springfield, Mo., refused to contribute financial aid to the Boers, when re quested to do so by John T. Keating, the national president. First and foremost, there is no divi sion in that place, and, secondly, the national president has not as yet ap pealed for any funds. These stories are being published all over the country by persons w'ho desire to vilify our order, and to create the Impression that we have departed from our traditional policy of helping the cause of freedom everywhere. Respectfully yours, JOHN J. DEVEREUX. President Division 64, Suffolk County, Mass. Death of Lady Alice Montagne. LONDON, Jan. 10.—Lady Alice Mon tague, sister of the Duke of Manchester, died of consumption today at Davos Platz, a health resort in Switzerland. I She was 21 years of age. he "Boston ravder ENGLISH AGREE TO INDEMNIFY Government Will Pay For American Flour Seized By Her Warships. HARSH CRItoToT THE WAR NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—A Washington despatch says: Great Britain offers to pay an Indemnity to the American citizens whose oorn, meal and flour were seized by the British cruisers near Delagoa Bay, the extent of the claims to be determined by a ccmmission. Great Britain will not declare corn, meal and flour to be contraband when proof is not positive that the food stuffs were intended for the camp of the enemy. Great Britain contends that she has not violated the rights of a neutral power by the seizure of this corn, meal and flour, but that, on the contrary, under her old common law she has a right to seize food supplies absolutely necessary for the maintenance of her sold.ers and sailors in time of war, her right being subject to the equities of Inden nity." The despatch also says that the above abstract of the position of the British government has been received by the state department and is the basis of the statement that the matter had been amicably adjusted. A representative of The Associated Press learns that the conservative leaders privately admit the gravity of their position, but fall to see what can be done. In the meanwhile they hope that successes in the field will abate the popular clamor. There is the Important alternative that Lord Lansdowne op Lord Wolse ley may be sacrificed. A representative of The Associated Press learns that Lord Wolseley not only disapproved of Lord Roberts appointment to the chief command of the British troops in South Africa, but allowed his disap proval to be generally known, while it is fact that he knew nothing of the governments Intentions in this respect until he saw the announcement in the press. BITTER CRITICISMS IN ENGLANB LONDON, Jan. 10.--The plight of British arms in South Africa is over shadowed for the present by the storm which is bursting over the head of the home government. The Manchester speeches of Mr. A. J. Balfour, the government leader In the House of Commons, have loosed such a torrent of criticism from the press and individuals of his own party that were Parlia ment to reassemble today it is doubtfu 1 if the Conservatives would retain power in spite of their tremendous majority of the past session The pent-up dissatisfaction with the governments lack of energy in wag ing the war is no longer concealed. When such ardent conservative papers as the Times and Globe come out boldly with reproof there la no knowing where the agitation will end. The provincial press has already taken up the cry. For the moment. Mr Balfour is the scapegoat but here Is a terrible rod hi pickle for the Marquis of Lansdowne, w.ille Lord Salisbury and other cab inet ministers will not escape unless a wonderful changes comes over the war situation. STEAMER HERZOFrELEASEB. DURBAN, Jan. 10.—The British authorities have released the German steamer Herzog which was seized January 6, while on her way to Lorenzo Marques. THE HAGUE, Jan. 10.—The minister of marine, J. C. Jansen, has in structed the commander of the Dutch cruiser Frleeland, now at Ixirenzo Marques, to proceed to Durban and take on board the Dutch ambulance in tended for the Transvaal and the stores sent out for the Friesland herself, which form part of the cargo of the Herzog. JOUBERT SAID TO ?E INJURED. GLASGOW, Jan. 10.—The Daily Malls Estcourt, Natal, correspondent states that Commandant General Joubert has been seriously injured and will take no further part In the war. His horse was shot from under the general and rolled over on him, causing a rupture and serious injury to the spine. Consul Cannot Act. WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The Trans vaal government has thrown a diplo matic bombshell in assuming an attiSPOKE ON BOER WAR The Victoria Club, composed of British born subjects of An erica, met at the Westminster Hotel, Copley square, last evening, and listened to a paper by Dr. J. H. Stark on "The British and Boer in South Africa. Mr. P. Herbert Windeler presided. About 50 were in attendance. Dr. Stark treated his subject frjm the standpoint of an Englishman. Touching the Jameson incident, Dr. Stark said that every effort was made to recall Jameson by the high commis sioner and by Cecil Rhodes. Samuel Adams said that taxation without representation was tyranny. The British are fighting that the Out landers may have equal rights and equal representation which is denied them by the Boers. ...... . , . The secretary reported that a fund of WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900. tude In regard to the American repre sentation of British interests within its territory that is regarded in Washing ton as directly at variance with the (Continued on Third Page.) 3OOO was collected for those suffering in the British service in South Africa. A HARD FIRE. NEW YORK, Jan. 10.-One of the hardest fires to fight which the New York department has had for some time occurrsd today in a five-story building occupied by bowling alleys and a gym nasium at 308 and 310 West Fifty-ninth street. The loss was 60,000. The Glengoll Floated. PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 10.—The Brit ish steamer Glengoll, from Dantzio for this city, which went ashore on CherryIsland flats In the Delaware river, 24 miles below here, was floated last night. She apparently sustained but little damage. I REPUBLICAN CAUCUS CALL Councilmen Will Again Try To Agree on a Presi dential Policy. ALDERMEN DO NOTHING A caJl has been Issued to Republican members of the Common Council for a caucus at the Republican city commit tee headquarters at 5.30 P.M. tomorrow. The presidential question will then be considered from a party point of view The call for the Common Council meeting Issued by Mayor Hart sets the time at 7 tomorrow night. Councilman Kiley adjourned the no quorum meeting of Thursday last to 7.45 to ! morrow night I The situation apparently remains un changed and muon depends upon the course decided upon by the Republicans in caucus tomorrow. The Democratic aidermen met last night for a conference In Tehan's Inn. The chairmanship question was dis cussed, but no agreement was reached. Aidermen Day, Doyle and Norton are still the Democratic candidates It is said that the conference was very har monious and that the aidermen parted In a most friendly spirit. The Republican aldermen are letting events take their course. The board meets again Friday. MISS GOODHUE LEAVES MONEY TO EAPTISTS SALEM. Jan. 10.—The will of Miss Marla Goodhue, the wealthy recluse who was burned to death in her hermit home at Danvers on the night of Mon day, January 1, was filed at the Pro bate Court this noon. With the excep tion of a bequest of 5 to her niece, Hattie A. Goodhue, the residue of the estate is divided into various sums for the benefit of the different Institutions of the Baptist church. The will bequeaths 2OOO to the Bap tist Publication Society for the distri bution of Bibles among the destitute; to the Baptist Foreign Mission Society, 1000; to tne deacons of the First Bap tist Church of Danvers and their suc cessors, in trust, the residue of the estate, the income of l5OO to he used In keeping the building In repair; of s.'oo for the support of preaching in that Church so long as It remains a Baptist church; of 5OO to the Baptist state con vention, and the remaining income to the American Baptist Home Mission So ciety. The closing clause of the Instrument reads: "It Is my desire that my farm shall always be occupied by persons who regard the Bible and keep the Sab bath in a religious way. QUIRKS CARPET BANK ROBBED Patrick Quirk, claiming to live at 81 Billerica street, made the acquaintance of a woman at the West End. last night. The pair went to the Falmouth House and hired a room. This tnornlng Patrick found himself alone and minus 95 that he had con cealed under the floor carpet before retiring. He reported his loss at Sta tion 3. The woman is about 40 years old, of light complexion. 5 feet 8 inches in height, and weighs about 180 pounds. She wore dark clothes and a black hat. 1900. There is quite a diversity of opinion as to whether this year is the end of the 19th century or the beginning of the 20th. We are not worrying any about this problem, as long as we know that theonr undivided opinion of our customers is that our stock is the best and our prices the lowest of any house in the city on Brass and Iron Beds, Bedding and Chamber Furniture MORRIS, MURGH 38; BUTLER, 42 SUMMER STREET, Near Washington Street. LAST -  6.30 P. M. SECT GAGE MAKES REPLY He Denies Any Discrimina tion in Depositing With the National City Bank. T OFFERED HIGHEST BONDS WASHINGTON, Jan. 10,-Secretary Gage today sent to Congress his replies to the resolutions recently Introduced in the Senate by Mr. Allen of Nebraska, and In the House by Mr. Sulzer of New York. The text of his reply, which Is an exhaustive exposition of the man agement of that branch of the treasury finances under his administration relat ing to national bank depositories, con tains about nine thousand words, which is supplemented by special reports from department officials relative to special inquiries in the resolutions including copies of over 1000 letters on the subject under consideration. In summing up his reply to the in quiries the secretary says: "First—The reason for utilizing na tional banks as depositories for public moneys, as authorized by law when the receipts of the treasury were exceeding its expenditures, has been to avoid the disturbance which withdrawal of large sums of money from 