NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 09, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: nv93cb48v
---
JRIPJO-PARIS EXPOSITION FREE. Watch THE TRAVELERS Voting Con test for Bostons Most Popular Saleswomen or Salesmen. trip to Jamaica free. ESTABLISHED 1824. MINOR CANDIDATES WILL NOT YIELD Kentucky Republicans Will Fight Rather Than Give lip. THEY SEND TO TAYLOR LONDON, Ky Feb. 9.—Representa tives and senators, whenever they gath er at the different hotels and on the streets, discuss the situation earnestly. That warrants for the arrest of absent members was the subject before the re cent executive sessions seems now cer tain. Sergeant-at-Arms Ceci of the House aaid: "If I am sent after members I cer tainly will bring them in. There will be no dallying about it. Representative Stack said: "A fight Is certainly before us, and the sooner it comes the better. Representative Haswell said: "This is a body which respects the feelings of grief that have been engendered through the death of Mr. Goebel. There was no desire to compel absent members to attend sessions before the funeral was over. Representative Heissman said: We have something up our sleeves now, but I cant tell what it is. Senator White said: "We were In ex ecutive session for the transaction of business, and what took place I refuse to say. I am under oath not to talk. Sergeant-at-Arms Cecil of the House and Mr. Howard of the Senate have held several conferences. Mr. Cecil said he had no warrants in his pockets, but further than that evaded any an swer. The following tejegram has been sent to Governor Taylor: We, the undersigned, representatives of the people in the 13th district of Kentucky, desire to state that we are unalterably opposed to the signing of any agreement looking to the surrender of the offices to which the entire ReW-Bm Brother An Old Smoke in a New Shape. You have heard of Cuba Cigarros, of course, and if you have tried them you know they are as fragrant and tasty a bit of tobacco as you ever enjoyed in your life. Cuba Cigarros are intended for men who are satisfied with a five minute smoke, but there are other men who want something that lasts longer. So we have put up a larger size and called it The Big Brother of the Cuba Cigarro. The Big Brother will be the name to give when you visit your tobacconist, THE BIG BROTHER Contains more than twice as much tobacco as the Cuba Cig arro itself It makes a delightful io-minute smoke. It is almost as big as an ordinary cigar, and is made of iden tically the same tobacco as the Cuba Cigarro. This tobacco is selected from the pure Havana leaf used in the filling of cigars that cost 25 cents. The quality is there all right, only in smaller form. The taste is exactly the same as though it were big. The Big Brother comes five in a box, and a box j tosts io cents. You will never understand how much to bacco satisfaction you can get for a dime until you try a box of these Big Brothers. On receipt of ten cents we will send you prepaid a sample box. ESTABROOK 38; EATON, ) Selling S. S. PIERCE CO., f Agents. Your dealer has them or can get them for you. W WATCH THE VOTING CONTEST - - SEE TOMORROWS TRAVELER "W publican ticket was honestly and fairly elected. (Signed) SENATOR DYE, "REPRESENTATIVES WALTON AND BENNINGFIELD. DENY ANY BAD FAITH. LOUISVILLE, Feb. 9.—The Commer cial has received a telegram from exJUSTICE HAZELRIGG, Of Kentucky. Governor Bradley, who appeared before Federal Judge Taft on behalf of the minor Republican state officers, dis claiming bad faith on the part of the minor state officials in regard to the argument now under consideration by Governor Taylor in regard to the gov- (Continned on Third Page.) he Boston traveler T - A P 7W BRITISH BEATEN BACK MILLER MUM AS TO MON. NEW YORK, Feb. 9.—William F. Mil ler, the head of the notorious "Frank lin Syndicate in Brooklyn which prom ised to pay 520 per cent on investments, nd who fled when ths news reached him of the indictment for grand larceny and conspiracy by the Kings county grand jury, was yesterday brought back to this city. He had eluded cap ture since November last. He was in ths custody of Captain Reynolds, formerly of the Brooklyn de tective bureau, who lost his place through his failure to prevent Miller from leaving the city. Miller was ar rested in Canada on clews picked up a few days ago. Captain Reynolds and his prisoner arrived from Canada at 2.30 oclock yesterday, and at once went to police headquarters, where Miller was Introduced to Chief of Rolles Devery. Miller was In good humor. He did not seem at all disturbed by being in the hands of the police, or in the slightest fear as to the future. Whjre have you been, Miller? asked Chief Devery. "Chief, if you dont mind, Til not say anything about that until I have con sulted counsel, said Miller calmly. According to Chief of Police Devery, Captain Reynolds found Miller In Mon treal. Captain Reynolds refused to go into details of hU search and discovery of Miller. He said that several days ago he was furnished with clews of Miller's whereabouts. In following up the clews Captain Rjynolds said he ran across a man who knew Miller. The movements of this man he followed until the latter and Miller met. Captain Reynolds would not say where this meeting occurrsd. According to Captain Reynolds Miller was not taken by surprise. The captain told him that as they were in Canada he would not arrest him, but would fol low him wherever he went. Miller re plied that he was going back to Brook lyn anyway. Captain Reynolds said that he did not place Miler under arrest until they reached the Grand Central depot. Not a word would Miller say about the disposal of the vast sums of money he received. Nor would he say how large an amount was secured. As to the names of his associates, or partners, he was equally silent. Miller was taken from police head quarters to Brooklyn and arraigned be fore Judge Hurd, in the county court. He was held in 12,500 ball, which he was unable to furnish, and was then transferred to Raymond Street Jail. Three indictments had been found against Miller, two charging grand lar ceny tn the first degree and one grand larceny in the second degree. headspuTby GATEWEIGHT Man Killed By Elevator Ac cident in West End. An elevator gate weight cut short the life of R. W. Nye in Andrew Duttons upholstery factory, 7 Merrimac street, Wilt End. this forenoon. Nye, who lived at 24 Chestnut street, Cambridgeport, was employed in the factory as a general utility man. A few minutes post 8 oclock he stepped into thj elevator on the top floor, intending to descend to the basement. The elevator had descended but a short distance when the wire cord hold ing the waight to the safety gate on the top floor snapped. In a twinkling of an eye Nye was a corose—a Weeding heap on the car floor. The weight actuary cut his head in halves. The polic were informed of the acci dent and the body was taken to Tink ham's, pending the arrival of Medical Evnminpr Harris. examiner Harris. TO LET ALIENS TO PLACER MINES VICTORIA, B. C , Feb. 9.—The gov ernment of British Columbia has brought in a measure which is promised general support by the Legislature, re pealing the act of last session by which aliens are excluded from provincial placer mines. THE WEATHER. Snow; Cold Wave. WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.-For New England: Snow tonight, followed by clearing; cold wave tonight and Sat urday, easterly shifting to northwest erly gales. It has been discovered that the bark of :he acacia-tree, which will grow in almost any soil, is an excellent tan n 1 ng material. HAVE YOU Visited the Bowdoin Square Gardea for ladle and gentlemen, under th Bowdoln-Squar Hotel? Indies entrance No. 2. 2nd door from Theatre; inutic 7 to 11 P.M. fb3-or-4t Turlcey Dinner Soup, Flh Turkey with Cranberry lance and Celery, Vegetable, One Sntree, Pie and Pudding, Tea, Coffee or Milk. 39 and 37g Arcb St. L. H. Curtis. Prop. tetM FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 9, 1900. BAR-RICADE AT FRANKFORT, KENTUCKY BLOODY RIOTS IN MARTINIQUE Miners Try to Prevent the Harvesting of Sugar Cane. SOLDIERS KILL SEVERAL MEN FORT DE FRANCE, ISLAND OF MARTINIQUE, Feb. 9 (Via Haytian Qable).—A mob of about 1200 miners has, since Monday tast, been preventing the harvesting of sugar cane. The movement is extending and troops have been sent in all directions. An Infantry post of 25 men was attacked, and flred on Its assailants, killing nine men and wounding 14. In the commune of Le Francois two incendiary fires have occurred on plantations. Referendum On B. 38; A. Lease Representative MacCartney of Rock land was heard by the Committee on Railroads today on the question of sub mitting to the people ths question of state ownership of the Boston 38; Albany road. Mr. MacCartney argued at length that the time had come for an application of the referendum Bo this question. White he would not charge undue influence to the railroad management, he felt it was possible for it to attempt It on commit tees and the members f the Legisla ture. The people, he belibved, could be trusted, and they had an interest In TAYLOR WANTS LEWIS. LONDON, Ky., Feb. 9.—A message was received by Representative Wil liam S. Lewis from Leslie county from Governor Taylor early this morning, saying: "Como to Frankfort on the first train, Mr. Lewis at once departed. It is sur mised that Governor Taylor wants to advise with him over what was done at yesterdays executive session. Sir Henry Creuses Sister Killed. VICTORIA, B. C.. Feb. 9.—Miss Emily Howard Crease, sister of Sir Henry Crease of Pontrelew, was killed at Lyt ton last night. Miss Crease was a pas senger on the east-bound express, and had stepped off the train for a moment when the west-bound train came along, passing over her. OR A Now being demonstrated at HOUGHTON A DUTTONS Stove Dept. tb9-lt the right settlement and thjy could not be unduly influenced. "The people do not make breaks, said Mr. MacCartney. They do not move rapidly. They must be educated up to a consideration of these questions. The discussion of the matter in the papers, has brought us to the favorable time for submitting both the leass and the public ownership question bofere them. Mr. MacCartney thought that the question should be submitted so as to give a popular expression befory the Legislature acted. He believed it would follow the popular will as so expressed. A great principle, as well as great finan cial interests, is at stake. He would have the matter submitted to the peo ple next November, and a full discussion held until than. TURNED HIS SDN DUT OF DOORS Edward W. Moody was fined 25 in the Cambridge Police Court, today, for turn ing his son, 10 years old, out of the house. The complaint was made by Patrolman W. H. Rowe, who found young Moody wandering about the streets of the lower port with but scanty clothing, on a cold night not long ago. In response to the officers question, the lad at that time stated that his father had come home at i oclock that morning, dragged aim from his bed, and ejected him from the house. The boy did not know where to go, and wan dered about almost freezing. The patrolman took the lad to the police station for the remainder of the night. Judge Almy Investigated the case, and then Issued a summons for Moody, Sr. The Icelanders will not bum ash for firewood, because of their curious super stition that those who sit about such a fire will become enemies. They Abandon the Kopje at Molen's Drift and Recross the Tugela River. MacDONALD JLSOjmATS BOER HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITH, Thursday, Feb. B.—The British who were in possession of the kopje at Molens Drift abandoned it after a bombardment by Boer can non this morning, and retired across the Tugela river to their former position. A desultory cannonade is proceeding at the Tugela this morning, but otherwise everything is quiet RETREATTOTthF MODDER." KOODOESBERG DRIFT, Feb. B.—This morning the infantry still remain in the old position. General Methuen or dered a retirement to the Modder river, which is now Drocel ing. The British losses were 50 men. The Boers yesterday made a determined attempt to drive the BrftYsh from a hill commanding the drift. Mounting two 7-pounders at the northern extremity they shelled the position Intermittently the whole day. The Seaforth Highlanders gained a position on the rocky summit and kept up a sustained rifle fire, but suffered somewhat from the Boers shelling. A battery was sent and succeeded in silencing the Boer Are. Meanwhile two companies of the Argyll Highlanders advancing along the plain in a west erly direction found the Boers entrenched at a small drift. A sharp engage ment followed, lasting the whole day. General MacDonald now only required sufficient troops in order to com pletely surround the Boers. General Babington was despatched from Modder river with a large force of cavalry and two horse batteries, but failed to reach here, although he started early enough in the day to enable him to get here early this afternoon. DUERS REPULSE ARMORED TRAIN. HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITH, Wednesday, Feb. 7.—An armored train yesterday made a sortie from Chieveley towards Colenso, and landed 2000 British troops on the right of the Boer position. The Boers Immediately crossed the river and made an attack with rifles and artillery, forcing the withdrawal of both the train and the troops to Chieveley. The fighting on the upper Tugela river lasted until 8.30 yesterday (Tues day) evening. Particulars are lacking. Firing at both Colenso and along the upper Tugela has been proceeding since 5 oclock this morning. BRITISH POSITION MAINTAINED. SPEARMAN'S CAMP, Feb. 7.—The British position on the Vaal Keans ridge has ben made secure. The infantry advanced today along the ridge, driving the Boers before them. The Vaal Krans ridge forms a continuation of the Brakfontein range, and is several miles east of Potgieter's Drift. "This is the second day of the battle and the fighting has been fiercer than It was yesterday. At dawn the Boers began the action by shelling our bivouac with their Long Tom' and Pompon guns from Doom Kloof. Their six-Inch shells fell near the spot where General Buller and his staff were watching the engagement. One shell burst amid a squadron of the Thir teenth Hussars, but not a soul was touched. Our guns from Ewarts Kop and On the plain soon silenced the enemy's artillery; but repeatedly the Boers brought back their guns, popped them Into work over the hills, fired a few rounds and then again changed their position. During the morning our gunners succeeded In blowing up the enemy's ammunition wagon upon Doom Kloof. General Lyttletons brigade was shot at from three sides and had a warm time upon Vaal Krans. Desperate efforts were made by the Boers to recover the smoking hilt The Durham Light Infantry, the King's Royal Rifles and the Scottish Rifles gallantly charged and cleared the position. General Hlldyard's brigade re lieved General Lyttletons brigade toward sunset. Fighting continued until nine. Several prisoners have been taken. They declare that the Boers yesterday lost heavil