NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 24, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: q524s033b
---
NEW DEVELOPMENT IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTES! ... SEE PACE 2. "W ko la Toor Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choice a trip to Faria free. Coupon on page x ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. A FEW OF THE Many Wonderful Bargains TO BE FOUND In Our Upholstery Dept. THIRD FLOOR, LACE CURTAINS— Large lot Scotch Lace Curtains. 45 inches wide, 3 yards long, always sold at l-50 pair, our special price, per pair. 67c 15c 10c Two Phenomenal Values IN CORSETS CURTAIN MUSLINS5000 yards Figured Colored Muslins, suitable for draperies or sash curtains, regular value 20c yard, sale price, per yard, only WINDOW SHADESi2oo Opaque Window Shades, with tassels and warranted spring fixtures, subject to manu facturers slight imperfections, positively worth from 35a to 50c. each, sale price, each, only. .. One lot of Our Opera Corsets, made of best jean, satteen strips, medium waist, nicely trimmed in white, pink, blue and drab, our reg ular price 59c., sale price, only One lot of I. S. A La Modelo Collets, made of best imported coutille, satteen strips, short hips, boned bust, 4 hooks, lace and ribbon trimmed top and bottom, our l.OO quality, this sate,... 39c 69c WOULD INVESTIGATE MET. WATER BOARD Representative Walsh, of Clinton, Will Present A Bill Today. WASTEFULNESS AMONG CHARGES CLINTON, Jan. 24.—DavM L Walsh, representative from the Eleventh Wor cester district in the General Court, and a memibor of the Metropolitan District Committee of the House, announced that he will present a bill today in the Legislature ordering an Investigation of the Metropolitan Water Board. It alls for a special committee of eleven, eight from the House and three from the Senate, and their duties shall be to make a thorough investigation of Meged violations of the liquor laws and the labor laws of the commonwealth in the construction of the Wachusett res ervoir, and the extravagance and fa voritism of the Metropolitan Water Board In the expenditure of the public money. The bill states that the committee hall report in writing to the General Court before April 1, 1900, and that it shell have power to summon witnesses end collect evidence. It shad make ANTI-TRUST MEN ARE CHEERFUL CHICAGO. Jan. 34.—M. L. Lcckwood, ptesident of the American Anti-Trust League and chairman of the executive committee which has in charge all the arrangements for the coming conferDO NOT fall to take s'lTantafcj of our 25 to 33 cut lo prices duris; the dull season. BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE GO. 6 Hanover Street. Grand Voting Contest such recommendations as it may deem best for the abolishing of the padrone system of labor as employed by the Water Board, and thoroughly Investi gate any alleged waste of public money. Mr. Walsh is a Democrat, and was elected In a strong Republican district on a platform, the principal pliank of which was with regard to the conduct of the Water Board In the construction of the Immense system of water supply in the district. Chairman Henry H. Sprague of the Metropolitan Water Board was seen by THE TRAVELER this morning, and In reply to inquiries relative to the boards attitude upon the bill to be Introduced today by Representative Davis, said: The board has nothing to say, as we have not given the matter any consld  eratlon either official or Informal. We have known for some time that such a measure would be ntroduoed, but have not considered It of great importance. Further than this I have nothing to say, as nothing of an official nature has come before the board at any of Its meetings with reference, elthei remote or especial, to this measure. ence. Is In Chicago. Concert ing the meeting he said: The anti-tnst conference which meets in Chicago. February 12, promises now to be even larger and more representative than was anticipated. Over 500 accept ances have been received, and it would be no surprise to me if there were 2000 delegates present. NO MOLINEUX TRIAL TODAY NEW YORK, Jen. 24.—The trial of Roland B. Molineux was adjourned to day at the beginning of the session on account of the illness of Manheim  Brown, the tenth juror. A despatch from his wife was received by the re corder saying that Mr. Brown wa.s 111 in bed. The nature of the illness was not known. Dr. Squills—What was the matter wild that cab driver you were called to see last night? Dr. Kallomell—As nearly as I can des cribe what alls him it is automobilious aess. We Boston (Traveler LRST 6.30 F. M. ENGLAND IN CLOOM! DEPEW IS FOUND GUILTY Bogus Doctors Case Was Brought to Grand Jurys Attention by Traveler. FIRST BOSTON CONVICTION William Robertson Depew was today declared guilty of falsely representing himself to be a qualified physician. The Suffolk county jury brought in this verdict at the opening of the Superior Court this morning, and Depew will receive his sentence latk this afternoon. The evidence against Depew was collected by THE TRAVELER, and the complaint against him was entered up on the authorization of the Massachusetts State Board of Registration in Medicine. THE TRAVELER has had in the prosecution of the case the support and sympathy of all of the reputable medical men in the city, for it has been the general opinion that this case is the opening step in securing the abatement of the too common medical frauds that are practiced upon the people of Boston. And the case is especially noteworthy, because of the fact that it is the first instance in Boston where a conviction has been secured in a case of this kind. Assistaut-istrict Attorney Sughrue praised the work of THE TRAVELER in his address to the jury. ELIOTS ADMISSIONS. At the afternoon sersfon of the Depew case in the Superior Criminal Court yes terday the direct examination of Mr. Northern was concluded. Mr. Northern said that on one ooca slon, when he bad gene to the office for prescriptions, Depew, sitting at the desk, had written some slips that apWILLIAM R. DEPEW. Found Guilty of Holding Himself Out to Be a Doctor Without Being Licet: eed. peared to be prescriptions, and then go ing to the adjacent room had given him some prescriptions signed by Dr. J. Wm. Elliot. Mr. Northern's testimony concluded the evidence for the common wealth. Mr. Gargan, In opening the case for the defense, spoke of the legislation in regard to the practice of medicine, and said that the defense would try to show that the Warren street dispensary was conducted like every other such institu tion. and that Depew was only a student there, studying under the direction of Dr. J. Wm. Elliot. Dr. J. Wm. Elliot was the first witness called by the defense. Dr. Elliot stated that he was the owner of the Warren street dispensary, and that Depew was there as a student under his direction. Depew's duties, he said, consisted In re ceiving visits at his office and in making some calls at houses. Depew received WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900. nothing for bls services, but was there merely as a student. . Dr. Elliot was subjected to searching cross-examination by Mr. Sughrue. Mr. Sugbrue first questioned him as to the method of obtaining his information in regard to his patients when he him self, as he admitted in the Northern case, did not vielt the family at all. Dr. Elliot said that he knew that a physi dan had seen the Northern children and that although he had not consulted with this physician he thought that in all probability he was right In prescribing for the children. Elliot admitted that he had signed the Insurance and death certificate without having seen the children, and that he had also written prescriptions for the cases on the strength of De pew's reports. Mr. Sughrue further questioned the witness as to the pe cuniary methods of the dispensary, and Elliot admitted that the money went Into his pocket. y Is It in any way a charitable Insti tution? asked Mr. Sughrue, and Elliot replied that it was not. Elliot said that while he was letting 1 Depew diagnose cases, he knew that Depew had been refused registration by the State Board of Registration in Med icine, and therefore was not compe tent to deal with disease. On being still further questioned by Mr. Sughrue in regard to the methods of De.pows treatment, Elliot said that Depew gave symptomatic treatment, and adml ted that Depew received his direc tions" in advance. Depew, said Elliot, was acting for me in the treatment of the sick in my absence." Elliot said that Depew was only given the unimportant cases. Do you con sider a case of diphtheria, where a child dies, an unimportant case?" asked Mr. Sughrue. No, was the reply. Had you any positive knowledge in regard to the death of this child for whom you signed the death certifi cate? Mr. Sughrue demanded. Elliot replied that he had signed the certi ficate without this knowledge, but said that he was not under oath. DOCTORS TESTIFY. Dr. Haws of 1139 Washington street said that he considered it all right for a student to give medical attendance. Closely cross-examined by Mr. Sughrue, he could not recall a single case of a reputable physician who had done it. Dr. J. P. Elliot, the father of J. William Elliot, was called and testi fied to the same practice. On cross examination, although Dr. Elliot claimed to know the practice In regard to medical students giving attendance, he was unable to recall a single case when such attendance had been given. Walter A. Butman, who administered the first anti-toxlne to Jamie Northern before his death, testified in the same line as Dr. J. P. Elliot. But Dr. But man, like the others, on Mr. Sughrues croes-examinatlon, was unable to recall (Continued on Third Page.)   JOHN 0. LONG IS PRESIDENT Annual Maeting of Mass. T. A. Society. The annual meeting of the Massachu setts Total Abstinence Society was held this afternoon at 36 Bromfield street. Hon. B. B. Johnson presiding. Secre tary Noon presented the statement of work of the society for 1899. The following officers for 1900 were elected: President, Hon. John D. Long: vice-presidents, Hon. William C laflln. Rev. A. H. Plumb, D. D., Hon. M. H. Cushing, Rev. D. Dorchester. D.. D.. Hon B. B. Johnson. Rev. L. B. Bates, D. D., Hon. E. H. Haskell, Hon. D. I. Robinson. Hon I. N. Nutter. H. H. Faxon, Dr. Reuben Greene. Rev. Bishop W. F. Mullalieu, Lucius Clapp; secre tary. Rev. Alfred Noon, Ph- D.; treas urer, Benjamin K Jewell; clerk of the corporation, Eva M. Brown. A memorial service was held xor members who had died during the year. Hon. Oakes Angler Ames. Mrs. L. Lou isa Barton, Rev. Henry  onant. Dr. Lewis G. Lowe and Rev. Samuel May. DORCHESTER BOYS FOUND Charles R. Cole, 12, of 8 Lyon street -tree and Walter and Howaw" Libby, 12 and 16 years old, of HO illender street, three youthful tr38; rs. who left their home in Dorob ster yester day have been found in Lawrence, and arenow in the custody of the police Before their flight the boys J u k ly packed a valtee with an assortment of clothing and food. ... . The police of Division 11 made a quick search of the district, and no tified the police of outlying towns to stop the trio if they came their way Early this morning the Lawrence police found the boys, and their parents start ed for Lawrence this afternoon to bring their wanderers home. THFWEATHtR. Warmer; Snow or Rain. WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.—Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont— Cloudy and warmer tonight; Thursday snow; winds shifting to easterly and increasing m For Massachusetts —Cloudy and warm er tonight; snow changing to rain Thursday; winds shifting to e.asterly and increasing in force. ' Rhode Island and Connecticut-In creasing cloudiness tonight, Ihu. sday rain; increasing easterly winds. Stabbed With a. Hut Iin. Alexander Morrison, 13, was operator on at the Emergency Hospital yesterday for a stab wound In his arm, which lie stated was inflicted by a young girl companion wi'h a hat pin. The pin was driven entirely through the muscles of the arm. BETWEEN TWO GATES. 4.               Anxiety Deepens Into Dread at What the Next News From Buller Will Be. HEW BOMBARDMENT OF KIMBERLEY LONDON, Jan. 24, 2.45 P.M.—The extreme tension caused by what may justly be designated the most anxious pause since the war began had not been relieved up to the time of writing by anything save the daily stock exchange ru mor, which, today, happens to have been started by the bulls, who assert that General Warren has captured Spion Kop. Anxiety in regard to the next news is visible on all sides. The war office was besieged at an early hour this morning, and the clubs and other resorts likely to receive early news have been crowded with eager inquirers. It is generally recognized that the Boer position, if ever taken, can only be captured at a tremendous cost. FIERCE ASSAULTON RHODES' TOWN MODDER RIVER. Jan. 23.—A heliograph message from Kimberley says the Boers vigorously renewed the bombardment today. TO ASSAULT SPIONS KOP, LONDON, Jan. 24—2.15 A.M.—The following despatch from General Bul ler, dated at Spearmans Camp, Jan. 23, 6.20 P.M., has just been posted: "Warren holds the position he gained two daye ago. In front of him at about IWO yards is the enemy's position, west of Spions Kop. It Is on higher ground than Warren's position, so It is impossible to see it properly. "It can only be approached over bare, open slopes; and the ridges held by Warren are so steep that guns cannot be placed on them. But we are shell ing the enemy's position with howitzers and held artillery, place! on lower ground, behind Infantry. "The enemy is replying with Creuaot and other artillery. In this duel the advantage rets with us, as we appear to be searching his trenches, and his artillery fire is not causing us much loss. An attempt will oe made tonight to seize Spions Kop, the salient point of which forms the left of the enemys position, facing Trichords Drift, and which divides it from the position facing Potgieters Drift. It has considerable command over all the enemy's intrenchments." 6009 BRITISH ENCAGED BOER HEAD LAAGER, Ladysmith, Jan. 22 (Monday).—A battle has been raging along the Olivier's Hoek road since Saturday between the Boere under (Continued on Third Page.) OFF TO EUROPE. Among the passengers sailing from New York today by the White Star steam?r Oceanc tor Liverpool are the following Bostonians: Mr. Elbridge Tor rey, Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Trafford Hute son, Mr. J. E. R. Hill, Mr. Charles A. Lamb, Dr. W. B. Hanna, Mr. J. W. Manning, Mr. C. W. Bnow, Miss Lucy Sterrett, Mr. J. P. Caldwell, Mr. J. G. Porter, Mr. G. D. DaVis, Mr. D. C. Spruance, Mr. Arthur D. Little, Mr. Robert H. Wood, Miss Jennie Evans. Mr. Charles S. Rackeman. Mr. J. C. S. Parcher, Mirs Emily C. Fisher. Mrs. A. K. Perry, Mr. William Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. John Hunter. SERPENTINE. The whole family of chiffonnieres is here. Wa have 386 patterns at the present writing. This is almost the chiffon niere earth. We select the style here shown because it illustrates how careful a matter is the planning of a chiffonniere. The value of this design is almost doubled by brin