NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 03, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: qr46zc67z
---
Advertise Your Wants intHi IRpImR. LARGE RETURNS ARE ASSURED. ESTABLISHED 1824, Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. LADIES ANO CHILDREN'S Underwear and Hosiery AT ASTOUNDING REDUCTION PRICES 850 dozen Ladl s II vy Jer sey Ribbed V?sts and Pant s in ecru and gray, fleece lined vests trimmed with silk lace on necks and iron, pearl but tons, gusset seeves, pants ankle length, few subject to manufacturers slight imper fections, regular price 25c; each, January sale price only, each, 12k 125 dozen Childrens Heavy Ribbed Yes s and Pant, heavy fleeced lined, vests handsomely trimmed, pants with jean bands,  ams covered, all sizes, regular 25c. quality, January sale IFp price only, each  vv L .(lies Union Suhs, button down front, Egyptian cotton, heavy fleeced, ankle length, handsome trimming, regular price 39c. each, January sale price, each. 25 cents. Ladles Extra Heavy Ribbed Vests and Pants, double fleeced, vests with wide silk lace and tapes on neck and front, sleeves with gus sets, pants with French yoke bands, side buttons our 50c. qual ity, January sale price OOr only, each wwv Childrens All-Wool Hose, with double heels and soles, regular sc. quality, January I Cp sale price I vv PARLOR CAR OFF THE TRACK New Haven 38; Albany Rail road Trains Delayed By the Mishap. Traffic on the Boston 38; Albany rail road and the Providence division of the New York, New Haven 38; Hartford xailroad was at a standstill for over an hour today, from 1v.03 A.M. until 11.30 oclock, and it was 11.50 oclock before all the tracks were clear and the regu lar running of trains resumed. The delay was due to a parlor car jumping a switch near bridge 9 on the downward curve about MO yards out from the station. The parlor car, num bered 2)2;, was the last cne of a train of six cars which left the station at 10 03 A.M. bound for New York on the Shope line. The train drew out of the station slowly and increased speed as it en tered the yard. It was on the inward rail of the four tracks used by the B. 38; A. and the New Haven railroads. The rear trucks of the parlor car jumped a witch and passed onto a connecting track, the wheels of the rear trtlck remaining on the track, however, though two of the journals were broken and the iron wcrk badly twisted. The forward trucks remained on the Inward track, effectually blocking all four tracks. There were a number of passengers in the parlor car, who were immediately transferred to the other cars on the train, and the train then proceeded on its journey to New York. No one was injured. Two wrecking crews immediately went to work jacking up the trucks of the car, but it was 11.45 o'clock before the car was put back on the rail. 167—Tremont St-167 Commonwealth Dentaljarlors. HIGE-CLASS DENTISTRY Ail Work Painless and Guaranteed 1 Gold Filling or 1 Gold Crown FREE with every full set of teeth. 8 A. M. to 6 P. M. LADY ALWAYS IN ATTENDANCE a 500 dozen Ladles, Childrens and Infants' Ho e, ladies' plain seam less, narrow ankle ; childrens fine and corduroy ribbed, double soles, ard infants white cash mere, with silk heels and toes, fast color, regular price 10c. and 25c per pair, January sale r price v v 200 dozen Roysand Girls Cordu roy R bbe I Seamless Hose, dou ble soles, heels and toes, regular price i2 z Sc., January sale Qp price, per pair OL 800 dozen Ladies Hose—Our entire stock of odds and ends, in black and fancy colored, fleeced lined, plain and dropped stitched, white soles and fancy boot patterns,polka dots, colored tops, every pair fast color and sold regularly at from 12 1-2 C. to 19c. Jan. uary sale price 9 cents. Manufacturers samples of Roys and Girls School Hoe, in cordu roy ribbed, with double soles, heels, toes and knees, warranted fast 19c., price black, our regular price January sale 12k 75 dozen Infants Shirts, button down front, silk trimmed around neck and down edge, all seams covered, regular 25c. qua ity, January sale price, each, q only Ladles Lisle Thread Hose, in plain or drop-stitch patterns, white heels and toes, high spliced heels, double soles, Hemsdorf dye, regular 50c, quality, AnJanuary sale price Ztb FRO W NORTH END DANCE HALLS Many Girls Plead Inno cence Whn Arraigned In Court. Agent E. E. Davies of the Watch and Ward Society is determined to exterminate from the North End dis trict all the dens of iniquity which infest it. Armed with warrants and accompanied by Captain Brovn, Ser geant Saxton and members of the liquor squad, at 10.30 last night, he swooped down on North street and raided two alleged houses of ill-fame, run under the guise of dance halls. The work which Captain Cain started while sta tioned in that district, but which he never finished, is now being pursued with diligence by the Watch and Ward Society. Josephs Hall, at 299 North street, was first visited, and the alleged pro prietor, Joseph Johnson, was arrested. Eight women of various ages and types were also arrestee. The "Cape Ann," at 292 North street, was simultaneously visited, and John Johnson, said to be the proorie f or of that resort, was also taken into cus tody, and six women were taken along too. In the Municipal Court today, before Judge Forsaath, the Johnson men were charged each with keeping a house of in-fame, the girls being charged with being idle and disorderly. Mr. John B. Moran appeared as counsel for all the defendants. Lawyer B. B. John son conducted the prosecution. A piea of not guilty was offered, and the court continued the case to Jan. 9. The bail for the two Johneons was placed at 5OO, while lOO was deemed sufficient in the case of the women. All are out on bail. The women gave their names as Clara Whitehead, Sarah Murray, Lizzie Ste vens. Mabel Woods, Dora Johnson, Maggie, Maude and Carrie. They were arres.ed at 292 North street. Those from 299 gavj their names as Laila Clark, Maggie Fagan, Flossie Nel son, Mamie Brooks, Mamie Stone and Alice. When arraigned some answered, some smiled and tried to look winsomj; one held up her hand like a schoolgirl eager to answer a question, and the others grinned and looked at the judgi. "Now, which is Margaret? asked the clerk, as he came to the papers. She did not answer. Mr. Davis pointed her out. "Oh, will, my name aint Maggie, its Ella, said the girl with the sad blue eyes. The flock was finally straightened out and arraigned. Each was told to visit the court room on Jan. 9, and the be witching array of black hair, yellow hair, red Cheeks, pink cheks, crim  n cheeks, black velvet coats, white coats, short coats and automobile coats, big hats, little hats, plumed, feathers, et ql., filed out of the court room and con gr?gated in the corridors. EIGHTLOST ST. JOHNS. N. F Jan. 3.-The schooner Puritan was driven ashore on Cabot Island in a heavy gale Monday, and eight out of ner crew of nine were lost. Six were married men with fam ine. The survivor broke hia arm. jhe Boston traveler. OPENING OF THE LEGISLATURE Myers Elected Speaker of the House and Smith President of Senate. PROGRAMME CARRIED OUT Once more the Great and General Court of Massachusetts meets. Law makers elected by the people gathered at the State House today and organized for the year 1900. The members got togather early. They gathered in the corridors, they swarmed about the House aid in the Senate chamber. There was the old-timer, with that aJi of familiarity he loves to display, and the newly elected member, equally conspicuous by his shrinking unobtrusiveness, and yet delighted to be recognized by some of the prominent party followers. There is no mistaking the average old-timer—one of the war horses. He strolls around with a big cigar like CAPTAIN J. G. B. ADAMS. 6ergeant-at-Arms and Master of Cere monies in the State House Today. a human volcano, calls all his friends by their first name as he shakes bands, and being approached by one he Is not sure about strikes the politician at titude and gives him the politician eye. This consists of standing with one foot at a firm angle to the other, body slightly bent backward, head turned sideways in a listening attitude, cigar handled ostentatiously, burning violent ly; clouds of smoke blown at the ceil ing, a far-away look in the eyes, which at times are turned toward the speaker in a calculating manner, and an occa sional bob of the head. This politician attitude is only acHENRY D. COOLIDGE. Re-Elected Clerk of the Snate for 1900. qulred after years of experience of meeting advances from seekers cf fa vors or for votes. It identifies the old timer at once. It did not take long to get things ready for organization. Everything bad been arranged beforehand. A caucus WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1900. had decided the speakership and it was understood that outside of this every thing would be the same as last year. Senator George E. Smith will continue as president of the Senate, with Henry D. Coolidge as clerk and the venerable Mr. Dowse will be chaplain. Representative James J. Myers suc ceeds Mr. Bates as Speaker, James W. Kimball will be clerk ind Rev. D. W. Waldron chaplain of the House. So all that remained to do was to get together, get seats and organize. Shortly after 10 o'clock Clerk Kimball of the House brought his gavel down and announced that the senior member of the House, S. W. Twombly, would call the House to order and would pre side until a Sneaker was elected. The usual order for the appointment of a committee to notify the secretary of the commonwealth that the House had been called to order was appointed. In due time Governor W. Murray Crane appeared and administered the oath to the members. Then the House proceeded to elect a Speaker, and of course Representative Jarnos J. Myers of Cambridge was duly elected. The same course was followed in the Senate, the members asae nbled were called to order, the secretary notified and the administration of the oath of office followed. President Smith was re-elected without dissent. IN THE SENATE The mcmbers-elect of the Senate for 1900 assembled in the Senate chamber promptly at 11 oclock. Clerk Henry D. Coolidge called them to order and called Senator Rufus A. Soule, the senior member, to the chair. Prayer was offered by Rev. Gilman B. Johnson of Lynn. Senator Chamberlain of Brockton of fered an order that a committee of three JAMES W. KIMBALL. Re-Elected Clerk of the House of Representatives. be appointed to await on the governor and covtcfl and inform them that the senators had assembled and were ready to be qualified, v. hich was adopted, and Messrs. Chamberlain, Harrington and Moran were appointed. They reported that the governor and council would forthwith attend. Governor Wolcott. Lieutenant-Gov error Crnnc and the council appeared and Governor Wolcott took the chair and administered the oath of office to the senators. eery member being present. The governor aid council then re tired and Hon. George Smith was re elected president. In accepting the gavel. President Smith said: My Fellow Senators, —Allow me to thank you most heartily for the honor you have done me by this third elec tion as your presiding officer. Words fall to express to you my appreciation of the cordial manner in which as a body and individually you have be stowed this mark of your favor. "In return for your confidence. I can only undertake, according to the best of my ability and judgment, to ad minister the office so as best to advance all public business and to deal fairly and impartially with men and meas ures. I know from experience that the duties are pleasant and are made doubly so by the kind consideration of every senator. In the future, as in (Continued on Third Page.) FOURTEEN INSANE SOLDIERS Philippine Veterans Are Sent to Washington. EFFECT OF CAMPAIGN SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3.—The fol lowing soldiers, declared tc be insane, have been sent to Washington, D. C., from the Presidio military reservation: Sergeant Thomas F. Collins, C, Sixth Infantry; Sergeant Owen H. Wissman, hospital corps; Privates Thomas F. Barry, hospital corps; Anton Barber, Company E. Fourth Infantry; Michael Gallagher, C, Twenty-third Infantry; George M. Barton, troop C, Fourth Cav alry; Walter A. ONeil, Battery F. Sixth Artillery; Louis Ford, Company L, Fourth Infantry; Elerick Mulner, Company B, Sixth Infantry; David E. Young. Company A, Seventeenth Infan try; Frank Thayer. Company L, Seven teenth Infantry; George W. Decker, Company E, Eighteenth Infantry; Jo seph Hoffman, Company E, Twenty second Infantry; George J. Nixon. Com pany I, Twelfth Infantry. Nearly all of these men lost their minds as a result of campaigning in the Philippines. TUFTS STUDENTS GO SLEIGHING A merry crowd of Tufts College men returned to College Hill. MetS'ord, this morning after a sleighride and dinner at Lexington, thi arrangements for which were made under rather unique conditions. About 25 men who room In West Hall had returned from the Christmas recess a day early. Finding very llttls of In terest on the hill a conference was called, and it was decided that a sleighrlde and dinner were needed to drive dull care away, and to add inter est to the occasion the following con ditions were imposed: Every man in the hall must bj on the reservoir within 15 minutes of the time the meeting broke up, prepared to run a race of one-third of a mils. The last five men to finish must furnish the dinner, and the next five must procure a sYelgh, horse and driver to take the crowd to Lexington. Mors than a score of men reported for the race arrayed in sweaters and arctics. They did not make record time, but the last 10 men to finish at once ac cepted the duties which fell to them, and late In the evening a large load of students left West Hall. A good dinner was served. F. F Marsh, 'OO. of Green field. N. H., was chosen toastmaster, and sjveral extempore speakers wert introduced. PUPILS WILL WRITE ON IMPERIALISM. A first prize of lO and a seond prize of 5 are offered by the New Eng land Anti-Imperialist League for compe tition in a patriotic essay, by pupils in the public schools of Boston. The übject is: The aspect of the colonial policy of the present administration, viewed in the light of the princinles of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and George Washington's farewell address. Manuscripts, not to exceed 1000 words in length, must be signed with an as sumed name and be accompanied by the real name and address of the writer In a sealed envelope. The prizes will be awarded Feb. 22. The judges vzill be Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, Mr. Gamaliel Bradford and the secretary, Erving Winslow. A FIRE IN BELMONT HOUSE NEW YORK, Jan. 3.—A live coal, fall ing from a grate upon the carpet early today, rtarted a slight fire in the ser vants dining room in the basement of the four-story brownstone dwelling in West Fifty-seventh street, occupied by Perry Belmont. Mr. and Mrs. Belmont were aroused and the servants sent in a fire alarm The firemen had little difficulty In ex tinguishing the flames. The damage is reported to be trifling. The house i