NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 20, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: r7823p65t
---
HOW FRIENDS OF THE CONTESTANTS ARE WORKING TO SECURE VOTES! USE TRAVELER WANTS. THE prices of TRAVELER Wants are the lowest; returns are the best. Be aure your ad is in SATURDAYS TRAVELER, and get a present free: : : ::::::: ONE CET A WORD. ESTABLISHED 1824. ft I'l HISTOM AMERICA GU  AND OUH BRAVE ADMIRAL DEWEY.  outfitters  For all mankind SIOJZ -4W WASHINGTON!. C a K. HAYWAM PLACE. ! K THE two fa K MEN   in thelJ bi -xv. W WASHINGTON,  WHO IMS IN THE MEMORY OF EVERY TAVE ' AIM DEWEY, THE  BRAVE, WHO SAVED THE DAY FORM AT MANILA AND OUR. GREAT HIGH GRADE  SUIT AND OVERCOAT SALE . atIAOO WILL BE REMEMBERED BY ALL V MEWENGLANDERS WHO HAVE J TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF THIS GREAT SALE Jr k POSITIVELY ls-,lB-, 4 20-  '38;22 t VALUE L THIS SALE WILL CONTINUE UNTIL M SATURDAY NIGHT La WORD TO THE WISE IS SUFFICIENT Will Hay Leave The Cabinet? NEW YORK. Feb. 20.—Washing to n advices to the Journal say: Admin istration leaders who appreciate the force of public sentiment in the matter of the Hay-Panncefote treaty are already quietly talking of the advisability of Secretary Hay's retirement from th e cabinet. "They can see no better reason for his resignation than the simple fact that he is completely out of joint with the majority of his party and a ma jority of the American people." EASTERN SHIPPERS WIN A POINT NEW YORK, Feb. 20.—A complete statement of the revisions of the West ern Classification Committee has just been received here, and it shows a num ber of concessions to shippers and a re vision of the new classification which ber or concessions to shippers and a re-  meetings, will speak tonight at 39 vision of the new classification which Fourth street, Chelsea. Of the Thousands Big Brother Who accented our invitation of the 14th inst. to visit our stores and accept a sample packet of the EXACT SIZE OF BIG BROTHER, OF THE CUBA CiCARRO large numbers are now buying them regularly. This proves the fact that price alone is not the incentive that induces so many men who know good tobacco, to use them. The best thing about the Big Brother is quality, the next best thing is economy. Try a single box today and be convinced. 7he Big Brother conies five in a box, and a box costs but to cents. ESTABROOK 38; EATON, S. S. PIERCE CO., I Selling Agents. hour dealer has them or can ret them for you. went into effect on the first of the year and is operative In territory west of the Mississippi river. The matter is of much importance to Eastern shippers, since under the changes or revisions announced by the Western traffic offi cials, they will now be able to compete In Western territory in certain commo dities by the new classification. To Speak in Chelsea. Mr. A. P. Downs, a business man who was greatly interested in Mr. Moody's meetings, will speak tonight at 39 Fourth street, Chelsea. W Boston traveler. WILL FIGHT CARRIE CATT The Blake Faction of the Women Suffragists to Have Another Or ganization. NEW YORK, Feb. 20.—The formation of a new suffrage association is regard ed as inevitable, says the World today. The division In the national organiza tion came about at the recent conven tion in Washington, which elected Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt president. Mrs. Lillie Devereux Blake, to quote her own words, withdrew because she felt her continued candidacy would have divided many states. This by no means lessened the bitter ness of the opposing parties, and the Blake faction Is prepared to confront the supporters of Mrs. Catt with facts which they believe will be convincing proof of a lack of discretion in the dis bursement of the funds of the organi zation. According to the published reports, the entire revenues for the year were 14,020. The expenses (6481) are charged against the organization committee, of which Mrs. Catt is chairman. The dis gruntled say this money is not well spent. NOT FOOL PLAY. WEBSTER, Feb. 20.—Mary Booth, who was found In a dying condition Sunday morning on the back doorstep of William LaPortes tenement in the north part of the town, came to her death by accident, and not by foul play, as at first thought. Saturday night she boarded the 10.15 Worcester car. She was intoxicated. She left the car near her home and, in the blinding snowstorm, lost her way. There was at no time, the authorities state, a single bit of evidence on which to pin a suspicion that the woman met with foul play. Fr. Ryan to Speak at Harvard Rev. Francis Ryan of Toronto has ac cepted the invitation of the Catholic Club of Harvard to deliver a lecture in the amphitheatre of the Fogg Art Museum on Wednesday evening, Feb. 21. The subject will be Christian Economies. and as Father Ryan is well known as an able speaker there is no doubt that a large audience will attend. The lecture will be open to the public as well as to students. Jockey Club RncinK Dates. NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — Racing dates for the current year were allotted by the stewards of the Jockey Club yesterday. The empire City Trotting Park was assigned October 22 to No vember 3 for their running meeting. Follow, ing is the complete list of tracks and the dates allotted to each: Washington. March 22 to April 14, November 17 to 30; Queens County, April 16 to May 4, November 5 to 15; Westchester. May 5 to 25, October 1 to 26; Brooklyn, May 26 to June 15. September 10 to 29; Coney Island, June 16 to July 4. August 25 to September 8; Brighton, July 5 to August S; Saratoga, August 1 to 31; Empire City, October 22 to November 3. Various devices have been used in Europe for the ventilation of tunnels. In some cases oil burning or electric locomotives have been substituted for the trip through the tunnel, and in other cases artificial ventilation has been used. ,  TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1900. TRADE MAKING BARGAIN SALE Remarkable values offered in our GREAT TRADE MAKING, MONEY SAVING SALE Ten acres of floor space covered with bright, new Spring goods. During this great sale we will take the articles right front this new stock to demonstrate our claim that we can save you from 20 to 30 yer cent f.om the prices quoted by other dealers on their old stock in their Clearance Sales. If you are in need of household articles of any kind, dont fail to take advantage of the remarkable values in this sale. We 1 mention only a few of the many bargains. TABLE BARGAIN. This Dining Room Extension Table made of selected aolid oak. In golden or antique finish, 42-lneh top, i feet when open. large ornamental turned legs, beaded stretchers, liras shank casters. Has deep box framings. This Is a very attractive, strong and well made table. and could not be duplicated anywhere for less thgn 12.00, our price 8.00 Hundreds of others in all prlrea from 95.00 to 575.00. REFRIGERATORS At Less Thau Wholesale Prices. We have a number of Refr'gerators. In special sizes, that we will sell during the Groat Trade Making sale. They are of standard make, thoroughly constructed, all Improvements, and are perfect in every way. The only thing the matter la that we do not Intend to carry these par ticular sizes in stock. Come and see them. Yon may find just the size you want. We sell these while they last at less than thu wholesale price, 8,9.50 -10.00 I Positively no goods sold to dealers. Woven Wire Mattress. The base is made from selected bard  wood, the wire Is extra heavy, of a close, j fine weave, and so constructed that in I case of its becoming slack it can easily  Dining Chair Bargain. W a Dining room chairs, in full size, a shaped cane seat, brace arm, heavy  TIT I ! turne( l spindles and  Hi 1 H posts, the back is In a H Hl 1 S beautiful embossed deAetu IJI sign. A thoroughly we j made chair, the regular price of this chair Is SI.2S, we are —1 selling them at HP 98c  Hundreds of others to chose from.  Prices ranging from 75c, to lO.OO. be adjusted. A s:out and very durable mat tress. A great bargain at our price of 2.50 Othorn from 91.50 to 15.00. I COUCH BARGAIN. The lines of this couch are exceedingly graceful. It was designed with the idea of both beauty and comfort. Covered in figured velour or corduroy, a variety of patterns, fringe and tassel finish, best ' springs, closely tufted ga and buttoned. Can't be 1 gill X f" 14iUU We have a great variety of oth  from 98.00 to 980.00. Continuation of Our Rig BARGAIN SALE -OFRUGS. These rugs are made up of remnants of onr velvet, tnoquette and tapestry Oar pets, aro all fringed nnd in perfect con dition. We sold thousands of them last week, every customer who looked at them buying from one to a dozen. Du plicate orders from satisfied customers Is a convincing argument. Below are a few of the great bargains In this sale: Regular Value ilu retain Sale 75c 25c l.OO 37c 2.00 90c 3 00  .25 So goods sent C. O. D. Hall Stand Bargain. sixteen hooks, the 12.00 poses, wide broad brella brass brass with back and deep, arm rests. stands drip tank, hangers with Um wlth Hnndreds of others from 93.00 to 975.00 to choose from. ( —is in a handsome deSM' sign, richly carved, and has an 18x24 bevelled French Plate Mir ror. This would be a good value at (18.00, our price. The seat is One of the prettiest patterns in this I Spring's Styles Is thia  handsome, inexpensive and thoroughly well made Hall Stand. It i is built of solid oak throughout, tn golden finish. There ii a . large chest beneath the seat for storage pur- ' Our Teams Deliver Free Within 10 Miles of Our Store. ATKINSON COMPANY, QO7 WASHINGTON ST. Q.4a Ob cor. common st. STEWART MAY DIE. William Stewart, 25, living at 9 Richdale avenue, Somerville, was probably fatally in   Aguinaldos Valentine to Uncle Sam. Philadelphia Record.               lured while unloading a boiler from a wagon In front of 195 Medford street, Charlestown today. The boiler slipped on a roller and fell on Stewart. lie was taken to the Massa chusetts General Hospital. kf Iff if LAST - - 6.30 P. M. ROBERTS ADVANCE He Is Now Thirty Miles East of Jacobsdal, on the Way to Bloemfontein. BUM BELHHHE BOERS LONDON, Feb. 20, 2.56 P.M.—The war office has issued a despatch from Lord Roberts, the main importance of which is the fact that it is dated Paardeberg, 7.05 P.M., Monday. Paardeberg is 30 miles east of Jacobsdal. The despatch announces that the railroad to Kimberley is open and that General Methuen will proceed there with rein forcements forthwith and that large supplies will be forwarded to the town. fl ENGLISH OCCUPY COLENSO. LONDON, Feb. 20. —5.02 P.M.—News has been received here that General Hart has occupied Colenso after a slight engagement. QUEEN APPEALSToiTRESERVES. LONDON, Feb. 20.—The queen, through her private secretary, Sir Arthur John Bigge, has sent the following letter to the commander-in-chief of the forces. Field Marshal Lord Wolseley: OSBORNE, Feb. 17, 1900. "My Dear Lord Wolseley,—As so large a proportion of the army is now in South Africa, the queen fully realizes that necessary measures must be adopt ed for home defense. Her majesty is advised that it would be possible to raise for a year an efficient force from her old soldiers who have already served as officers, non-commissioned officers or privates, and confident in their devotion to the country and loyalty to her throne, the queen appeals to serve her once more in place of those who, for a time, side by side with the peo ples of her colonies, are nobly resisting the invasion of her South African possessions. Her majesty has signified her pleasure that these battalions shall be designated the Royal reserve battalions of her army. "ARTHUR BIGGE." CRONJE LOSTGUNITaND STORES. LONDON, Feb. 20. —At the crossing of the Modder river the Boers bolted, leaving their tents, guns, oxen, wagons and large quantities of ammunition In the hands of the British. Moving northward, the Boers agialn attempted to stem the advance, but General French turned their flank and reached his goal with insignificant losses—seven men killed and 35 wounded during three days, from Wednesday, Feb. 14 to Friday, Feb. 16. After a nights rest at Kimberley, General Frenchs column pursued the Boers to Drontveld, sur rounded the kopjes on which they were posted, and shelled them till night fall, when the Boers fled, leaving many dead. General Cronje left a gun, his tents, food and clothes at Magersfontedn. BOERS STILL HOLD HLANGWANE. DURBAN, Feb. 19.—There was continuous fighting yesterday from the British positions on Gun Hill and Hussar Hill. The troops advanced from the former towards Monte Christo. There was a heavy bombardment with three 4.7 inch guns and the one hundred pounder siege gun, supported by in fantry, against the Boer position on Hlangwane Hill, which adjoins Monte Christo and is regarded as the key to Groblers Kloof. The firing was par ticularly active from Hussar Hill on the strong Boer entrenchments at the extreme end of Hlangwane Hill. These entrenchments were strengthened with sand bags he firing still continued at 6 oclock yesterday evening. During the day the gun Lady Randolph came on an armored train from the direction of Colenso. It is reported that we have captured over 100 prisoners. The naval gun knocked out the Long Tom on Hlangwane Hill at the first shot for which General Buller especially complimented the gunners. Hlangwane Hill lies between two bends of the Tugela river. The Boers have erected a bridge between Hlangwane and the northern bank of the river. NO BOE3S AROUND KIMBERLEY. KIMBERLEY, Feb. 18—By Heliograph to Modder River, Fob. 19.—The country is all free around Kimberley. The Boers have evacuated Dronfleld, Saltpan. Spyfontein and Scholtz Nek. One of their twelve-pounders with am munition was captured, as was also their laager at Dronfleld, which was abandoned on Friday night. Rails are being laid to Modder river. Several herds of cattle have been captured. Cecil Rhodes Is in excellent spirits. CRONJE OUTSPRINTS THE BRITISH. LONDON, Feb. 20.—1 t is reported that General Cronje, with the advance guard of his badly battered, demoralized force of 8000 Boers, ha- managed to outsprint the pursuing forces of Generals Kitchener and Kelly-Kenny, and has reached the vicinity of Bloemfontein so far ahead of the British pur suers that he may have time to take advantage of the defensl.-e works of that city. His pursuit, however, has been so persistent and harassing that nearly all his camp impediment, his big ammunition and over 150 wagons, including 10 teams of oxen and many pieces of artillery, have fallen into the hands of the British. The loss of much of Ms artillery, together -with the reported abandon ment of big guns on the Magersfontein hill, will seriously cripple him, and If the British keep up their ggressive movements, will finally compel him to (Continued on Third Page.) GROCERIES FREE. BE aure your Want Advertisement is in SAT. URDAYS TRAVELER, and get a check good for 25 cents worth of groceries free : : REMEMBER THE DAY. JURY FAILS TO AGREE Carmslo Brigandi Was Charged With Killing Edward Graham. The jury in the case of Carmelo Bri gandl, on trial for the shooting of Ed ward Graham, re