NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 15, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: rn307b31n
---
3- A NEW LEADER IN THE TRAVELERS CREAT POPULAR VOTINC CONTEST -WB 50,000 MARK IS PASSED. ESTABLISHED 1824. Stop Eating! until at Then it Feed it with Ayers Hair om growing. W II W aw Write the Doctor Ml 11 z I Always Restores Color to Gray Hair If you do not obtain ll the ben efit you desire from the use of the Vigor, write the Doctor about it. He will tell you just the right thing to do, and will send you his book on the Hair and Scalp if you re quest it. Address, VTOU will surely get thinner and thinner A last you are starved to death. Stop feeding your hair and it will starve, falls out, turns gray, keeps short and rough. 0 out, too; and becomes soft  A year ago my hair wu coming out very fast. I bought a bottle of Ayers Hair Vigor to stop this. It not only stopped the falling of my hair, but made it grow very rapidly, until now it is 45 inches in length and cry thick. Mrs. A. Boydston, Atchison, Kan. Joly nJ, 1899. A DISGRACE TO THE STATE Representative Crosby De nounces the Lobby Work of the Gipsy Moth Com mission Employees. Representative Crosby of the Thir teenth Middlesex district, consisting of Arlington and Lexington, was first heard at the hearing before the Gypsy Moth Committee, in Room 431, at the State House, this morning. He testified that he had long thought it Impossible to exterminate the gypsy Notice to Men. SMITH SHOE CO., Cor. WasiiiiiEton and Hollis Sts, For a few days will sell SHOES WORTH 5 and 5.50 FOR 3.00 TO ADVERTISE THEIR NEW GOODS Twenty Different Styles. One pair only to eack customer. TRAVELERS . . . Greatest and . Most Popular Vot ing Contest breaks all records. . . . See on other pages. moth. He spoke as a practical farmer. Mr. Crosby, speaking of politics, said he was satisfied that the members of the oommlsaion were reputable men, repre sentative and honest men; that they had done no political work themselves, but he knew for a fact that political work had been done. He spoke of a call he had received from I. J. Colbert, an inspector of the Gypsy Moth Commis sion. Mr. Colbert told him of the peti tion that had been circulated for the con tinuation of the work of the Gypsy Moth Commission in Arlington and Lex ington. Mr. Colbert said the ide was to discredit Mr. Crosbys standing in the Legislature. He was satisfied that this petition was circulated by Inspect ors of the commission and others in the pay of the state. The sole object was to diecredit a representative. He was sat isfied that this scheme came pretty near originating in headquarters. "I think the lobbying done last year at the State House for the gypsy inoth appropriation was a disgrace to the commonwealth of Massachusetts,' said W Boston traveler Mr. Crosby. "Mr Klrklend's activity In the lobby was a disgrace to the state. Stories were circulated about me to dis credit me. And they did discredit me. I know it. "Several times I was taken aside and told that the bottom was going to drop out of the opposition, and that I had better withdraw mine. He had been told that the importance of continuing the commission was mere ly a question of patronage Mr. Crosby said that he felt that he represented the view of the majority of the citizens of Arlington, for he was elected with no opposition, there being no other can didate. Professor C. S. Mlnot of the Harvard Medical School ar.d president of the Boston Society of Natural History, tes tified that he had at one time the larg est collection of moths in the world. He felt confident that the extermination of the gypsy moth was absolutely impos sible. Speaking as a naturalist he said that It would be impossible to exter minate any insect. Charles S. Williams testified that he had originated the petition circulated In I,exington. He wanted to find out the sentiment of the people. He was employed by the Gypsy Moth Commis sion. None of the members of the com mission had anything to do with the pe tition. Mr. WHSiams said the petition would probably not have been circulated if Mr. Crosby had been known to be in favor of the work of the Gypsy Moth Commission. Stope the Congh and works off the Cald. Laxative Bromo-Quintna Tablets core  cold In one day No curs. No Pay Price 25e. CCVfN filled with the product of   j-x n — factory and lim. Quality FLOORS right. Prices right. BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO., 66 to 72 Hanover Street. THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 15, 1900. LAST - - - 6.30 P. M. GEN. CROKJE. The Boer Commander at the Siege of Kimberley. He Must Move One Way or Another. WILL INFLUENCE PARTY PLATFORMS Some Views of the Proba ble Effect of tbc AntiTrust Conference. CHICAGO, Feb. 16.—Opinions as to the probable Influence of the anti-trust conference held in this city were given by some of the delegates at the close of the convention last night as follows: "When men of so many different po litical minds can oome together in har monious deliberative conference and be practically unanimous in support of remedies foi a public evil It marks a tremendous advance in reform. It will have an unmistakable political effect by calling the attention of parties to ths people's attitude on the trust ques tion. —George Fred Williams, Massa chusetts. "The anti-trust conference will un questionably have no mean influence on ths platforms of the great political par ties, because many of the leading think ers of those parties have been leaders in this convention.—F. B. Monnett, Ohio. The effect of this conference will be world-wide. The work of this league will more rapidly bring about national reform, such as governmental control of transportation, and destroy the de pendence of the masses upon the ta k masters of monopoly. Its influence will destroy any political party that favors the trusts or is under suspicion of fa voring them. Its work is organization and education—consequently beneficial. —Helen M. Gougar, Indiana. "While naming many forms of trusts, the conference has concentrated Its op nntitlnn on fnrmS—ttflCDhon, t6L6" position on tnree rorms—teiepnuno, CREW FOR THE KEARSARGE Seamen From the Massa chusetts Will Man New Battleship, It is understood from good authority that the new battleship Kearsarge, which will go into commission soon, is to be manned by the crew of the bat tleship Massachusetts, and the latter will go into dry dock at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. The reason given is that the naval authorities prefer to have an old crew work a new battleship rather Chan a green one. graph and railroad combinations. It also denounced the banking trust and pronounced In favor of the referendum. All this arraigns privilege—privilege in every form—for to attack one form is to attack them all. The people of the na tion have in many ways shown that they are ready for the issue and that it is destined quickly to become a po tent factor in national politics.—Henry George, Jr., of New York. Republicans, .Democrats. Populists and Single Taxers have found single ground on the trust question—that rad ical measutes must be adopted to cure the evil—and In that pooling of Ideas has been the significant feature of this great gathering. They are going home to spread the propaganda and set afoot a campaign of education that will arouse the nation from ocean to ocean. The people will begin to do their own thinking, and that will result in taking men out of the old political parties, in whom faith has been lost.—Jerry Simp son, Kansas. "I consider that the members of this convention in refusing to pledge them selves not to vote for any party whose platform does not contain the principles which this conference has declared are vital ha"e stultified themselves and ren dered their actions here of no effect. In two short months the people will have forgotten that this non-partisan, semlDemocratlc convention was ever held. —lgnatius Donnelly, Minnesota. Strictly non-partisan throughout, the conference has done much to arouse and unite the anti-trust. sentiment of the nation. Its work has but begun.— E. R. Ridgeley. Kansas. PaUCY OUTFIT WAS CAPTURED For some time Ofllcer Mullen of Sta tion 15, Charlestown, has had his sus picions that business of an unlawful nature was being carried on in 2 Allen place. He secured a search warrant and last night paid a visit to the place and seized a printing press, two boxes of type, 24 rolls of paper and IXX) policy slips. The only person present in the place was Patrick Cronin, and he was arrest ed on a charge of being present where Naming implements were found. Cronin enled all knowledge of the outfit, say ing that the room was let to a lodger whose name he -id not know. In court today he pleaded not guilty to the charge, and was held in 4200 for his appearance tomorrow. The English Think That He and Kitchener are Pre paring for a Victory. THINK CRONJE MUST MOVE LONDON, Feb. 15.—Intens satisfaction continues dominant in consequence of Field Marshal Lord Roberts plan of operation In South Africa, as re vealed by the despatches published t his morning. Then la no further news of the B rttish advance into the Orange Free State, or of activity at the Modder riv er, but a feeling of quiet confidence pre vails that the strong hands of "Bobs Bahadur and th hero of Khartoum are shaping matters towards a much needed decisive victory. The St. James Gaxette says: "Lord Roberts, with his own lin well guard ed, and having little reason to fear only a defense which would be deadly, viz., a counter stroke attacking his long line as it swings round, will be able to force the Bojrs to fight under very unfavorable conditions, or abandon their heavy guns and stores. WHAT ROBERTS ADVANCE MAY MEAN. LONDON. Feb. 15.—The British army, for the first time since the war be gan, Is Inside the Boer frontier. Lord Roberts, with at least 40.000 infantry, 700' cavalry and 150 guns, has turned the Magersfontein lines, before which the British forces have been encamped for ten weeks, and, with half of his corps, he Is already operating on Free State territory. A battle has not yet been fought, but large tactical advantages have been gained. The relief of Kimberley Is within measurable reach, and the way to Blomfontein is appreciably easier. The despatches of Lord Roberts sketch three days work. The forward movement began on Sunday, when Colonel Hannay set out, with a brigade of mounted Infantry, for Ramah, on the Riet, eight miles from Jacobsdal, one of the Boer supply bases. On Monday General French, with the cavalry, seized the crossing of the Riet river, at Deklls Drift, south of Jacobsdal. and 18 miles east of Honey Nest Kloof. He skirmished with the Boers and cleared the way for 30,000 in fantry, who followed across. On Tuesday, with his three cavalry brigades and the horse artillery, Gen eral French rode to the Modder river, a distance of 20 miles, and took three fords, with high ground beyond the river and five Boer camps. He had a few casualties in brushes with the Boer horse. General French has now fixed himself on General Cronjes main line of communication with Bloem fontein, ajid 20,000 Infantry, with 72 guns, are being pushed up to support him there. Lord Roberts despatches, wired from inside the Free Btate and on the Riet river, left him Wednesday morning. His advance had not been opposed by the Boers in force. Their patrols melted away as the British moved for ward. The Boei army is likely to be felt Ln a day or two, and a battle is, consequently, imminent. THE BRITISH LOSSES AT RENSBERG LONDON, Feb. 15.—The official list of the British casualties at Rensberg from Feb. 10 to Feb. 12 shows; Killed—Four officers and seven men. Wounded—Six officers and 14 men. Missing—Two officers and eight men. The officers killed were Colonel Coningham of the Worcester regiment, and Major G. R. Eddy and Lieutenants J. Powell and J. C. Roberts, all of the Australians. Lady Wilson Wounded. LONDON, Feb. 15.—The Daily Chron icle publishes the following despatch from Mafeking, dated Jan. 29: The Boers shelled the womens laager for two hours on Saturday (Jan. 27). Boer women, warned by the spies, evidently went into the trenches, clapped their hands and hurrahed when the shells fell near the English women. Lady Sarah Wilson was slightly wound ed. "Major Gould-Adams and Captain Wilson received contusions from shell fragments. The British Loss to Date. LONDON, Feb. 15.—The total British casualty returns up to last night are: Officers killed, 152; wounded, 380; miss ing, 12, men killed, 1477; wounded, 5050; misslrg, 2781; other fatalities reported, 563. Steyns Uncle Is Here. NEW YORK. Feb. 15.—P. Louter Wessels, an uncle of President Steyn of the Orange Free State, has arrived here to aid the cause of the Boers in any way he can. One o his plans is to lec ture on the conditions Ln the Transvaal as he has seen them. More Mules For England. NEW ORLEANS. La.. Feb. 15.—The British army agents have let another contract for 2500 mules, to be delivered at this port as fast as the animals can be purchased. Kitchener at Work. LONDON, Feb. 15.—1 t is now realized that the incidents at Rensberg have been seen out of all proportion. Merely skeleton lines were maintained there, while troops were being secretly and rapidly concentrated on the Modder rivar. The facility with which 30,000 men have already been sent beyond the rail terminus shows that Lord Kitchener has been fully successful in organizing transport. He is now supposed to be down the line, sending forward more troops and getting together more trans ports. About five miles of ox and mule wagon trains are estimated for each di vision, so that Lord Kitchener, who is reputed to have more skill than a circus manager in handling field transport, has immense labors in hand. Lyttleton Succeeds Clery. LONDON, Feb. 15.—A special despatch WOMAN LEADS THE CONTEST to the Times from Chleveley, Natal, dated Tuesday, Feb. 13, says; "General Lyttleton has succeeded to the com mand of the second division during the illness of General Ctery. who is suffer ing from blood poisoning. Colonel Northcott of the rifle brigade, tempora rily commands the furth division." Zululand Considered Safe LONDON, Feb. 15.—The fears regard ing a Boer attack on Zululand ire somewhat allayed by a special despatch from Durban, which says that a column of colonial scouts, after a forced march has arrived at Eshowe. It is reported that tl ey are in splendid fighting form. They were pursued several times during the march by the Boers, but succeed ed in repulsing them. BACHELORS ROOM. You can sell a married man the ordinary furniture of commerce, and he will give you little t ouble. But with a bachelor it is different. A bachelor has preconceived ideas. He knows what he knows, and it wont come out in the wash. You must give him furniture that is specially designed to meet his needs and no tions. We announce today the formal opening of our BACHELORS DEPARTMENT. Bachelors chiffonnieres, shirt cases, clothes presses, shaving stands, Morris chairs, clothes poles, toilet tables, medicine cabinets, corner cabinets, reclining chair