NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 20, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: s178bz06v
---
100,000 VOTES CAST IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST ... SEE PACE 2. -W ' —— ' - 1 " " - - - . Kho Is Your Favorite ! Saleswoman ; UranQ or Salesman ? i Voting Give your choice a trip to  AM fpcf Paris free. Coupon on page x j V7lllv3L ESTABLISHED 1824. B. 38; M. OFFER WITHDRAWN Will Other Interests Now Bid for the Lease of the Fitchburg Road ? The proposition to lease the Fitchburg railroad to the Boston 38; Maine railroad has been formally abandoned. This is in line with the story published by THE TRAVELER earlier in the week, stating that the Fitchburg directors would do nothing further in the matter. President Lucius Tuttle of the Boston 38; Maine will send a letter to President E. D. Codman of the Fitchburg, with drawing all the offers to lease the Fitchburg made by the Bos ton 38; Maine. This action has, of course, been expected since the Fitchburg directors announced their interpretation of the si lence of Governor Crane on the lease question. The question that State street is now asking is, Will other interests now put in bids for control of the Fitchburg property? MYSTERY MOVES AT ESQIIIMAULT VICTORIA. B. C.. Jan. 20.—Th er-? was considerable excitement at Esquimault yesterday, occasioned by the receipt of a cipher message by Captain Fagen, who, now that the admiral is cruising in southern waters, is in charge of the station. Thia message is said to have come from the consul at San Fr38;Lcisco. On deciphering the message Caplin Fagen at once summoned the commanders of the other warships now in port and they were closeted with him on the Le ander for some time. After the confer ence orders were sent to the torpedo boat destroyer Virago, ordering her to prepare at once for a cruise. Shortly afterward the vessel steamed out and down the straits on patrol duty. At the fortifications extra precautions were taken. The guard was doubled and all the guns were manned. He said you were a bird. Really? she exclaimed, delighted. Yes; a parrot. without absolutely successful and paint as operaNOSE LIPS or KAILS may mar otherwise per fect feature. The Surgeon of the HARVARD DERMATOLOGISTS 74 Boylston Street, equal in operations of DEDHAM FOLKS and others leaving the city by the South Ter minal will find It convenient to call and inspect ear Une of famous California Wines. FEATI'KAL SURGERY. Consult him free of charge, and remember that these tlona ARE NOT and CANNOT BE VEIL FORMBD ELSEWHERE. Call or send for leaflet on SKIN and SCALP. Every form of SKIN DIS EASE iermnnently cured. CHARGES MODERATE. 2OHS 3MR3TB 171 Summer St. MR. GAGES REPLY. TRIP ABROAD MAY BE LOST Training Ship Enterprise Naeds Legislative Attention. Unlews tb Legislature son passes a sufficient appropriation for repairs on the United States training ship Enter prise, no trip abroad will be made next summer. The ship is in anything but a seaworthy condition. United States Naval Constructors Feaster and Baxter have both made ex aminations of the ship. Mr. Feaster found that it is absolutely necessary to renew the wales and planking from the copper line up to the spar deck. Mr. Baxter estimates that for the upper works the sum of 16,400 should be appropriated. In addition to this, there are other necessary repairs not included in his estimate. The commissioners in their report to the Legislature ask for an appropriation 1 of 15,000, to be devoted exclusively to  such repairs, including a new smoke  stack, new bilge and donkey engine. It is the opinion of Mr. Feaster that with these repairs the ship will be practically as good as new, and ought to last for 20 years longer without much further expense. SUPERIOR COURT. In the Superior Criminal Court yesterday, John Smith, for robbery, wag sent to the Mu sachusetts Reformatory, and Dennis Quinlan, for the same offense, was sent to the House of Correction for two years. Edward J. Hart nett. charged with robbery, was held in 2OOO tor trial at the present sitting of the court. THE WEATHER. Fair and Colder. WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—For New England: Rain tonight; fair, colder Sunday; fresh to brisk southeasterly winds, becoming northwesterly. She—Did you ever kiss a girl when she wasn't looking? He—Yea; but only once. She made me do it over again when she was looking. She Boston traveler. LAST     6.30 P. M. HEAVY CANNONADING THE MORBID RUSHED AT SCENT OF RLOOD Bergens House Surrounded Today—Aßus Run Right To the Scene of the Murder. HOW THE Mf OCCURRED (Special Despatch to The Traveler.) NORTH BROOKFIELD, Jan. 20,-The horror of the people of this little town over the awful deed of Catcher Martin Bergen, who yesterday slew his wife, his two children and himself, has in no wise abated, and hundreds of people drove to the scene of the tragedy this morning. William Bergen, brother of Martin, who is looked upon as the star baseball catcher of the West, passed most of yesterday looking after the bodies of his brother, his wife and children. He was there yesterday afternoon when the undertakers reached the house to pre pare the bodies for burial, and it was there he was seen by a reporter. He said he had not seen Martin alive for nearly two weeks, although he has been living in North Brookfield, but he and his brother were not on the best of terms. I have noticed for some time, he said, "that Martin has not been him self mentally. He has not been exact ly crazy, but has been peculiar. Ever since the death of his little boy he hs' acted strangely, but I nver thought u would come to this. I could not say that he has been peculiar in his actions since his boyhood, because he was much older than I. I do not know that I no ticed him much. I do not know that he and his wife have had any trouble lately, but I think they have got along well together. William Bergen says he did not know Martin's wife well before they were married. There was some difficulty then, he thinks, about religion, but she be- came a Catholic, and this ended it. Mr, Bergen does not remember that he eV' r heard Martin's wife say she thought he was insane, but he thinks that she realized it. Dr. Louis E. Dionne of North Brook field probably has had as many confi dential talks with Bergen as anyone, he being the family physician. The doctor was ill when the Telegram man called but he said: Martin Bergen has been mentally affected for some time, I think. He had a presentiment that he was per secuted by everybody. I have prescribed for him for nervous mental trouble, but never thought he would do such a deed as he has. I consider he did the horrible deed when In one of his fa of persecu tion. His wife was ill wit consumption but was rather smart for her when I called there yesterday. Bergen was not financially well off. according to what he has told me. He has sa'd to me that he did not get within 3OO 0? the amount of his sala-v for last season's work. There is also a mortage on his farm, he Sa That the murder and suicide were the result of a sudden Insane Impulse is proven by statements that Bergen made Thursday, when he told several people that his'wife was 111. but that he hoped she would soon be fully recovered; he laughed and talked with his children in presence of others, and spoke of how dear they were to him, and Wednesday he bought some medicine for his wife and some for himself. It Is not known that he and his wife have had any trouble lately, and every one In North Brookfield thought they loved each other much more than the ordinary wife and husband. There have been times when they have had dlai greements, but no one can be found who knows positively that Bergen ever abused his wife. When they were married eight years ago or a little over she was a Protestant and he a Catholic, but she accepted his faith, and there were never any te ligfous differences as far aj any one knows. The children were baptized by Catho lic clergy and today a Catholic clergy man, Rev. Humphrey J. Wren, will con? duct the services over all the bodies. SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900. Wife and husband have been dearer to each other since the death of their boy Willie, but from then until the day of the murder and suicide it has been noticed that Bergen has been morose and sullen when the death of the child has been mentioned. He often told people he thought more of the boy than he did of any of the rest, and frequently he told his wife it was hard that Willie should be taken from them. He was in Washington playing ball when he received word of the boy's death from diphtheria, and he went to North Brookfield at once. When the funeral was over he rejoined his club, but the players and managers noticed a difference in him. At times he was what they called cranky, and he imag ined the players were joking and talk ing about him when he was at the bat He has said since the ball season was over that the players joked about the death of his little boy. but his wife did not pay any attention to him, as she had thought he only imagined what he told her. . He realized himself at times that he was not himself mentally, but he did not think he was Insane. He was suf fering from nervousness, he told his family and friends, and has latelv been treating himself for this complaint. Doctors who have seen him told him he used too much tobacco, and that his heart was affected, and at their sug gestion he almost entirely gave it up. He never drank to excess, and this was one of the reasons the ball players could not understand his peculiar actions. One day s.nce the ball season ended his wife poured out some medicine that was in the house and asked him to drink it. Drink that? No. Hattie, you are trying to poison me, he said. His wife told him he was wrong, and when he had thought it over, he lifted his head suddenly and said: "Hattie. T (Continued on Third Pagis) STILL ANOTHER YANKEE NOTION IN THE PHILThe Beveridge Can Opener. JOHN RUSKIN IS DEAD LONDON, Jan. 20.—John Ruskin, the eminent art reviewer and author, died this afternoon of infiuenua, aged 81. BANKRUPT HID HIS CLOTHING OGDENSBURG. N. Y., Jan. 20.—A large amount of clothing was found se creted yesterday belonging to the stock of Louis I Hoffman, who went Into voluntary bankruptcy last week, with many creditors in Syracuse, N. Y., and Boston. Hoffman conducted clothing stores in Ogdensburg and Massena, and placed his liabilit.es at 14,500. with nom inal assests at s9ooo. though the real assets are hardly half that amount. INDIANS STILL SAFE Inspector McKay of the Quincy police force found three boys, whose ages ranged from 10 to 13 years. In that city yesterday after noon, who had left good homes in Dorchester to go West and tight Indians. They were Florence J. Curley, Fred C. Ritchie and Arthur O. Craig. The boys acknowledged that they had left without leave, and an officer from Station 11 visited Qnlncy ami escorted them home. DISCHARGE WIRE MEN Ten of the Wire Department employ ees were discharged yesterday by order of the mayor in the interest of economy. The men and their pay are: D. H. Mahoney, Ward 12, 1800; T. P. Bannon, Ward 4, 1500; J. O'Brien, Ward 22, 1200; T. A. Quinn, Ward 13. 1100; M. D. Iilly, Ward 14, 1000; M. J. Donovan, Ward 25, 900; M. J. Joyce, Ward 9, 900; J. F. Cooper, Ward 14, 900; James Collins, Ward 18, 9OO- D. J. Costello, Ward 12, S9UO. These men served in the epartment as electricians, linemen, etc. The department force previous to these C'scharges numbered about 40 men, and more discharges are expected. Gen. Warren Has Begun the Bombardment of Boer Trenches. BIGGEST BATTLE YET IS ON SPEARMANS CAMP, Natal, Jan. 20, 11.15 A. M.— The firing of field guns was heard early this morning from the left. Evidently General Warren has commenced the bombardment of the Boer trenches of Tabanmyana moun tain. There was also a brief musketry fire. Among the prisoners captured Thursday was a grandson in-law of President Kruger. _ "BOBS IS SUSPICIOUS. LONDON, Jan. 20. —A special despatch from Cape Town, dated Friday, January 19, 1 P.M., says: The Ladysmith relief force is steadily working north ward. Heavy fighting occurred yesterday. The Boers are re treating. Another despatch states that General Lord Roberts has telegraphed General Buller to move cautiously, and to deploy an extra force of skirmishers. This is taken to mean that the wily Bobs fears a Boer trap. The easily forced retreat of the Boers would seem to indicate this, or that their numbers are much less than has been supposed. There are fears that Buller is inclined to underestimate the strategic ability of his adversary. GREAT JOY AT LADYSMITH. LADYSMITH, Jan. If.—Via Spearmans Camp, Jan. 20.—Everything is quiet. The position Is unchanged and there is very little bombarding. The welcome sound of the guns of the relief column were heard yes terday from Colenso and Springfl ?U. The heat is intense, but there is no increase of sickness. Boers Left Colenso. LONDON, Jan. 20.—The Standard pub lishes the following, dated Thursday, from Spearman's Farm: It is reported that the Boers oppo sita Colenso, on finding that General Buller had outmaneuvred them, crossed to the south of the Tugela on Monday and set fire to all the houses in the village. As the force from Chisveley advanced the Boers retired before them to trenches on a hill ,n line with Colenso Our infantry advanced to the attack in skirmishing order, follow.'d by supports and reserves, our cavalry scouting on the right close up to the river. The Boer forces must have been consider ably weakened by the despatch of large reinforcements westward to meet Gen eral Buller's advance, and they now hurriedly evacuated the rivjr trenches pnd the kopjes opposite the village and scattered before our shrapnel. By even ing nona of the eiemy was left within rifle shot of Colenso. The British force then retired to Chieveley." A despatch to the Dally Telegraph dated Thursday, from Spearmans Camp describes the difficulties of the march, owing to the unwieldy baggage column, including all the tents and sheep, over bad roads in wet weather. The corre spondent says: Some 10,000 Boers arrived In the vi cinity of Potgleters Drift on Thursday and Friday cf last week and began the erection of extensive and formidable lines of trenches, for their positions apparently could only be turned from the west by assailing the high ridges of the Sproen Kop. A balloonist today reported that no guns were visible in the enemys works, but that there was a large Boer camp in the direction of Brakfonteln, a brown ridge four miles from Potgieter's Drift. Boers arrived in large numbers today from Colenso and Ladysmith. They have certainly run branches of th railway from Modder Spruit around Mount Bul3vaya. Nearly all the Boers have gone to attempt to check General Warrens advance, but he made no sign today." A despatch to the Dally Telegraph from Spearman's Farm, or camp, as the correspondents now describe it, dealing with Lord Dundonalds move ment to the west of General Warren s force, already cabled, says: "His success gives us control of an easy entr