NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 10, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: st74m1728
---
SW THREE FREE TRIPS TO THE PARIS EXPOSITION CIVEN BY THE TRAVELER.  ANOTHER TRIP IS OFFERED. ESTABLISHED IBM SERGEANTS-AT-ARMS OFF WITH WARRANTS Taylor Officers Start On a Tour to Arrest Demo cratic Members. WHISKEY PROCEEDS TO LONDON LONDON, Ky., Feb. 10. — Ser-geants-at-Arms Cedi of the House and Howard of the Senate left after 1 oclock this morning on the North bound train, armed with warrants for the arrest of absent Democratic mem bers of both houses. Late last evening it was finally decided by the Senate officers to make out the warrants for the arrest of absent Democratic senators without wait ing for the arriv of Lieutenant-Governor Marshall. Where the two were going could not be ascertained here as no tickets were purchased and they refusd to tell. THE NEW SUSPECTS. FRANKFORT. Ky.. Feb. 10.—Gotts chalk and Jones, who were arrested on suspicion of being implicated in the as sassination of Governor Goebel, are cousins. The latter said he came with the mountaineer excursion. Both are paid to have slept in the executive build ing the night before Goebel was assas sinated. Jones says he applied to Taylor and Finley for pay for coming here. He says this was premised by others In advance. He says he did not know what he was PERFECTION HIS THEME. Sanford Brings the Wis dom of th; Ages to Lat , ter Day Sinners. It was red hot at "Elim this morn ing The horrible examples who lead a degenerate and profligate life present were warned of the Judgment to come. The words of Evangelist Sanford reeked with realism. The fateful lurid gleam of the fire remorselessly burning in the bottomless pit might almost be seen steaming above the yawning gulf of the nether world that is to be found Just beyond the immediate vicinity of the abode chosen for the faithful and Evangelist Sanford. Not until this morning has the evan gelist been tempted to tread the flowery heights of poesy and soar grandly through the vaulted dome of Imagery. But today the spell was upon him and nothing could hinder his mighty purpose to show those gathered to listen to his teachings that he is indeed not of com mon mould, but of a clay so Immensely superior to the Boston quality of com merce that they, his votaries, will, when they come to hear him, get their moneys worth and then some. Mixed metaphor followed mixed meta phor with bewildering rapidity, and a simplicity of effort that was reckless. This was but a beginning, however. Sanford soon got down to the business of the day. Today It was roasting the devil. For an all-round wrestler or a rough and-tumble mixer at catch weights, sex or color, hitting in clinches or the solar plexus, not barred barred, Sanford can not be beaten. He put it all over the devil this morning_from the call of time to the ringing of rne gong. His favorite style is Graeco-Roman. and his work Ylang Ylang Cold Cream (Registered.) Is being used extensively by the lead ing physicians of Boston, who highly indorse the same because of its follow ing excellent qualities: Ist. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream does not make hair grow on the face. td. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will not be come rancid. Bd Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will prevent the face and bands from chapping If used night and morning. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream will re mor. blackheads, pimples and freckles. Bth. Ylang Ylang Cold Crem does not contain either lard or vaseline. th. Ylang Ylang Cold Cream can be bought at all toilet counters at the fol lowing prices: 1 oz. Jar, 10 cts.; 4 oz. Jar, 25 cts.; 1 lb. Jar, 75 cts. Manufactured by PAUL C. KLEIS. Cbem -Ist, cor. Boy Is ton and Tremont ata. Boston; WEEKS 38; POTTER. Wholesale Agents, 860 Washington st, Boston, Mass. 100 Bland's French Iron Fill? (5 grs.) 23c. By mall, 28c. 50 Effervescent Lithia Tablets 5 grs. each) 19c By mall. 24c. Kleins Pharmacy, Cor. Boylston and Tremont Sts., (Opp. Touralne.) BOSTON. feb7-ea-3m Turkey Dinner 3?50 Bonp, Flab Turkey with Cranberry Sauce and Celery, Vegetable, One Entree, Pie and Puddi: a. Tm. Coffee or Milk. 35 and 37 A M. U H. Curtis. Prop. ftb6 6t A SPECIAL prize for the Saleswomen is now given in the greatest popular voting contest ever known. brought there for. Although the detec tives have cross-examined Jones, out siders have not been permitted to see or talk to him. The detectves believe this to be the most important arrest yet made. Jones is said to have been sleeping in a vacant house, only coming out at night, and had been here for a week prior to the assassination. Colonel T. C. Campbell, the New York criminal lawyer, who is assisting in fer reting out tne crime, went to George town to confer with commonwealth's attorney, Franklin, and they returned here lost night. It Is believed some im pertant steo Is about to be taken by the prosecution. has the finish of a star ring performer. He cant be phased even by the news paper mdn. This is his own declaration. Evangelist Sandford and the Holy Ghost have dire punishment In store for the reporters and others who will not heed his words. The rooms at Elim were comfort ably Jilled this morning, and many of the rlou3ly Inclined w ere among those gathered in. The subject, Perfection, was continued from yesterdays treat ment, and seems to be doing as well as can rightly be expected. Sandford referred to the ancients In a manner pleasingly familiar, and one telling of a long and favored acquaint ance with the prophets of old. He extended his hand through the thousands of years that are buried be neath the ashes of antiquity, and com miserated w ith Job upon his troubles. Sandford does this with an easy grace and affable air that pleases while it mystifies. Ordinary communication with the dead patriarchs at this date is reasonably difficult for the lay Intelli gence to grasp, but not so with Sand ford. He wafts himself through the ages intervening and hands an Identi fication card to the waiting and puzzled patriarch, and at once matters are upon a base of mutual understanding. A momentary cloud wavers upon his forehead and sudden recall to the real ities of this life and Its demands upon the finite, and Sandford has had a rev elation from the silent past that admits of no contradiction. Again and ever again the newspapers and those concerned in their making came in for criticism at this mornings session of the convention. Sandford repeats that the cavils of the news gatherer, even if they escape the pen cil of the editor and appear in ail the force of the original copy, have no ter rors for the faithful or for him. He predicts that he will be the one es pecially designated by the Almighty to sit in judgment on the Shivering soul of the nows gatherer. He will hear the caverns of hell echo and re-echo with the wailings of the miserable newspaper nan, and will not move to succor him in his extremity. The Idps, the voice, the pens, the typewriters of the news paper man have no effect upon him. They are like the howling winds blow ing across the trackless stretches of a estern prairie and doing nothing either of good or evil. For who are there in this Intelligent age who listen tot he writings of the news gatherer or expect to find the living Truth within the columns of the daily paper? asks Mr. Sandford. WOMANS RELIEF CORPS The 21st annual convention of the Depart ment of Massachusetts Womans Relief Corps will be held Feb. 1 and 14 in Berkeley Temple, corner of Berkeley street and War ren avenue. Mrs. Rose E. Holt of Corps 31, Leominster, is appointed conductor of the convention, and Mrs. Annie C. Shattuck of Corps 1 of Fitchburg, guard. The following committee for arrangements are appointed: Adeline A. Pinkham, senior department aidNellie . Farmer, president Corps 43, Arllng ton, and Mary A. Brown, president Corps 109, Brookline. The reception committee are Harriet L. Reed, Adeline A. Pinkham Lizabeth A. Turner, Mary A. Laudt and the past department presidents. J. WALTER KENNEDY IS BURIED The funeral of J. Walter Kennedy was held from his late residence, 472 East Seventh street, at 10.30 today. Mass was celebrated in the Gate of Heaven Church at 11 oclock. Music was ren dered by the regular choir, under the direction of Miss Mary O'Relly. The In terment was at St. Joseph's cemetery. HENDERSON FINED. In the Roxbury District Court today Lucien Henderson, 17 years, of 10 Fair weather street, colored, was before Bolster charged with breaking glass and a door in a house on Hampden street owned by Owen T. Connelly. He was fined l5 on the first charge, but ac quitted on the second. W "Boston (Traveler. I A P 7W I A 2 A JL A  A MTTC I LIIH IL I vlb WLIIwf  DEWEY DECLARES BRAY A LIAR Denounces His Letter Say ing That Aguinaldo Was Promised Independence. HOW AC" WAS BOUGHT OFF NEW YORK, Feb 10.—The dispute as to whether or not Admiral Dewey rec ognized Filipino independence has been revived here, and the admiral himself has been drawn to pronounce the report that he did take such a course while at Manila as a lie. A morning paper prints a letter from one Howard W. Bray, who. It is alleged, acted as an interpreter between Agul naldo, Consul General Pratt and Ad miral Dewey. In his letter he says: The state documents lately published furnish food for reflection by Americans generally, who value their national word of honor pledged to General Aguinaldo In Singapore, on April 26, by the Amer ican consul-general in my presence, while acting as interpreter. It Is undignified and unworthy of a great nation to be guilty of such du plicity, and now say the consul had no power to offer any such thing. As a matter of fact, the consul did not offer it of his own responsibility, but acting under the Instructions of Admiral Dewey. In the first Interview the conditions of General Aguinaldos policy were clearly stated, submitted to Admiral Dewey, and the latter cabled his accep tance, requesting Aguinaldo to proceed with every possible haste to Hong Kong. He brought back Aguinaldo to Luzon under the promise of indepen dence, whlleConsul Wildman of Hong Kong supplied him with several cargoes of arms and ammunition. No amount of c Helal or diplomatic denial can alter these facts. (Signed) "HOWARD W. BRAY. THE WEATiItR. WASHINGTON, Feb. 10.—For New England: Cloudy tonight with rain In extreme south portions; Sunday, warm er. with rain south and snow in north portions; winds shifting to fresh and brisk northeasterly. M'KIXLEY-Now this is disheartening! Here Ive offered the Fili pinos the protection, peace, security and reflnement of American civilization and they refuse it—absolutely refuse It! New York World. Ratu; Warmer. SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1900. The admiral was In his apartments at the Waldorf-Astoria when the above was taken to him. He read It through carefully and then said: I have some reports, documents and statements before me which I intend, upon my return to Washington, to sub mit to the Senate Committee on For eign Relations. It Is better, however, to strike this He as it arises, and I will answer to the charge as It comes. I never saw this man Eray. 1 never knew him. I never heard of him, except as a-'dlpremrtable adventurer in the pay of the Philippine Junta So far as this story corcerns me there isn't a word of truth in It. Admiral Dewey then took up a report which he lad before him. It was type written, and destined to go to the Sen ate. It was n.ade by Lieutenant R. P. Hall, chief engineer of the Petrel. When Aguinaldo was asked, so Lieu tenant Hall, who is now at the Brook lyn navy yard, reported, said the ad miral, what part he Intended to take in the war which seemed inevitable be tween Spain and the United States, he replied that be bad made an agreement w-ith the Spanish government to leave the Philippines; that he had received a promise of a sum of money for doing so, a part of which money had been paid, and he didnt care to break his word or take any part in the probable war between Spain and the United States. I never had any dealings with Aguin aldo, continued the admiral. "You see, I never even called him 'General.' You see now Just where the matter rests. I want you to nail this Me hard. You can say as coming from me that it is ab solutely false. New Hoads to be Built. SUTTON, Feb. 10.—Sutton and Mill bury selectmen gave hearings today on petitions for franchises from the Mill bury. Sutton 38; Douglas Street Railway Company to buid its road In the towns. The decision was favorable In both cases and the officials for the road promise to build the road the coming season. GRAND JURYS REPORT List of Over 70 Indict ments Reported For February. The grand jury reports 70 Indictments for the February term of the Superior Criminal Court. This is the largest list for some months. Carmelo Brigand! Is indicted on the chargj of manslaughter. Carmelo Dellalo Is indicted on the charge of assault with Intent to mur der. Charles A. Love Is Indicted on charges of larceny and forgery. Tomaso Pecheto te charged with man slaughter. A trus bill is found. 1 Gilbert Whitney la accused of carry ing forbidden articles into state prison. William A. Bills and Frederick H. McArdle are accused of burning their fac tory. They are prominent Chelssa men. Joseph Lavey is indicted on the charge of manslaughter In causing the death of hie housekeeper In the North End. Edward M. Ackerley of East Boston is accused of polygamy. Jeremiah Frawley. Edward Eagan, Henry Carrington and William Berkley are indicted. This is the case in which Patrolman Wyer of Brighton was as saulted. In the case of Charles G. West, charged with assaulting three persons with an axe with Intent to murder, was t 0 be Insane, and will be com mitted to an asylum. Th following true tills were returned: Nellie Anderson, larceny; Thomas F. Greely and Thomas Flynn, robbery; Car melo Brigand!, manslaughter; Arthur A. Cargill, assault with Intent to rob; John Carter, breaking and entering; Tomaso Cblncolo and Sabina Patterson, unnatural act; Charles H. Clark, forgery; William O. Cole, forgery; James H. Daley and Margaret Haney, adultery: Ctimelo Dellalo. assault with Intent to murder; Thomas E. French, breaking and entering; Irving H. Gran ville, breaking and entering; Andrew Hamilton, forgery; Joseph Harris and William F. Carey, larceny in a building; John Hlrshman and Arthur H. Quinn, robbery; Timothy Horrigan, larceny; Charles A. Love, larceny and forgery; William F. Macullar, forgery; James E. Magann, larceny; Frederick McDonald, James OBrien and Frederick Halfleld, breaking and entering; George F. Otis, larceny; Nicola Rossi, assault and bat tery; Tomaso Pescheta, manslaughter; Henry Smith, assault and battery; Harry Smith, larceny; John Sullivan, larceny from the person; Parcella Vln conzo, breaking and entering; Patrick Fitzsimmons, breaking and entering; Edward Jackson and George E. Kelly, breaking and entering; Raffaele Lavol etta; John L. Soule, larceny; Samuel Gordon, receiving stolen goods; John McLaughlin, aesault, throwing corrosive fluid; Charles Schultz, Indecent assault; Walter Stewart, breaking and enter