NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 09, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: vt156t44c
---
TWO TRIPS TO PARIS FREE! JOIN THE BOSTON TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST Who la Tear Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choica a trip to Pari free. Coupon ou page 2. ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. A prominent jobber of Skates who had bought largely, but owing to the unseasonable warm weather was greatly overstocked, closed out to us at a ridicu lously low figure his entire stock of SKATES, RELIABLE MAKES, Al Lower Prices Thao Ever Before Know One lot of BOYS SKATES, best quality steel run. ners, at much less than cost to manufacture, on per pair  23c One lot Mens and Boys all-clamp LONG REACH SKATES, with steel runners, at only, per pair. .... 33c One lot Ladies and Misses BARNEY 38; BERRY and LONG REACH SKATES, with polished steel blades and best russet leather straps, choice for only, per pair, O C Mixed lot of LONG REACH SKATES, in large and small sizes only, made with strap heel and clamp toe, hardened steel runners, regular 1.50 kinds, our price only, per pair 69c A LARGE LOT OF X At Specially Low Prices. PULITZERS HOME IS DESTROYED Fire Ruins the Editors Residence and Kills Iwo Persons. NEW YORK, Jan. S.-The handsome dwelling at 10 East Fifty-fifth strset, owned and occupied by Joseph Pulitzer, the proprietor of the New York World, was destroyed by fire today, and two lives were lost. When the flams had been extinPULMONINE. 85 ctn. per Bottle. Your druggist bus It. Nothing like it FOR COUC 88 AND COLDS. WANTED. Will the boy who saw a gentleman fall down the stairway of the Studio Building. No. 58 Bromfield St., on XowmU r 22na. 1899. please call at Room No. 829 Tre mont Building at once? janB-ltx y RY PERMISSION. " r AVERY 38; STONE. Attornern-at' Law. 53 Tremoot St , Boston. January 3d, 1900. RAYMOND SYNDICATE. Gentlemen, —Enclosed please find check for bill just received, and I want to thank you for sav ing me at least l5 on one over coat. 1 see you never argue a point that you can demonstrate. Yours very truly, r CHARLES B. STONE. THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE Will give the people some 8000 pairs of BOOTS AND SHOES tomorrow, and as long as they last, on large counters divided in lots at 25c., 50c., 75c. and 95c. Positively the most ridiculous bargains ever offered in this or any other country. The entire stock of J. H. Cetchell 38; Co., No. 681 Washington St., will be on sale by the time you read this notice. Yours truly, THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE, BOSTON. Grand Voting Contest g-uished and a search was made of the ruined interior, the bodies of two women were found, badly burned. One body was identified as that of the housekeepir, Mrs. Jeliett. In one hand was clutched a small bag into which, it Is believed, she tried to thrust some of her personal effects before leaving her room. The governess. Miss Elizabeth Mont gomery, was the other. The loss is estimated at 300,000. At the time the fire began, the dwell ing was occupied by Mrs. Joseph Pu litzer. her daughtei, Edith. 14 years old, and Constance, 12. and Mrs. Pulitzers baby son, two months old, who is to ba christen sd Herbert, and the servants. Mr. Pulitzer and one son are at Lake wood, N. J. The fire apparently started in the con servatory back of the parlor. It is he Boston traveler. GREAT CONTEST IS ON! Voles forPopularSales men and Saleswomen Pour Into the Trav eler Office. LEADERS OF TODAY Free Trips lo Paris Exposi tion, Io Jamaica anti lo Wasßslon, and 5O in Gold Among Hie Prizes Ollerefl. Theyre off! The race for the grand prizes offered by THE TRAVELER is on. There is no handicapping save that in the first event where the big fellows can win but one prize. The flag has fallen with a fair start and a fair field, and in what may be thought that an exposed electric light wire was the cause. Mrs. Pulitzer was asleep with her two chidren, Edith and Constance, on the second floor. On the floor above was the nurse with the baby. Mrs. Pulitzer was awakened at 7.50 by a crackling noise. She detected the smell of smoke, and almost Immediately afterward the electric fire alarm sound ed. Mrs. Pulitzer ran to one of the doors of the room, but found it locked. The other was open, and, taking her children, she started down stairs, shout ing the alarm. After placing Edith and Constance in the street, she hurried up to the third floor and found the nurse with the baby in her arms about to get out on the fire escape. The woman was hysterical. Mrs. Pulitzer quieted the nurse, took the baby from her and together they went to the street. John O'Connor, the second butler, had a narrow escape. He slept on the top floor with another servant. He was aroused by Mrs. Pulitzer's cries, and finding the smoke coming thickly up ward, walked out along the window ledge to the roof of the next house, the residence of Alexander Maitland. LHC 1 - OConnor says he was overcome by the smoke and sank down when he reached a place of safety. His com panion revived him and assisted him to the street. The firemen, reallizng that the house could not be saved, devoted their en ergies to adjoining property. The house contained a valuable historical library and many carefully selected works of art. Nothing of value was saved. . . . While a crew of firemen, numbering about 12 were at work on the third floor about 10 o'clock, the flo iring gave way and the men fell to the second floor. All escaped without injury except Fire Lieutenant Hauck, whose knees were badly lacerated. He refused treatment and remained at work. Mrs. Jeliett was a widow, and it was said that she had a son and daughter in Toronto. Canada. One of the ser vants who escaped over the roof said that he saw Mrs. Jeliett on the roof at the time. He presumed that she went back for the bag which was found clutched in her hand when her body was found. THE WEATHER. Fair; Wnrineri Snow WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—For Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont: Fair and warmer tonight; snow Wednesday; variable winds, becoming southerly For Massachusetts: Fair tonight, with warmer except in extreme sou heaet portion; probably snow Wednesday: va rlable winds, becoming southeaa'e-ly. You You You You You You You You You You can can can can can can can can can can can save save save save save save save save save                   J   buying buying buying buying buying buying goods goods goods goods goods goods goods of of of of of of of of of of of of or of of of of us US US UR US US UR us us us us us us us us us BAY STATE CARPET 38; FURNITURE CO. 66 HANOVER STREET. TUESDAY, JANUARY 0, 1900. FIHST PRIZE (For Department Stores)—A trip to the Faria Ex- 1 position, all etpenses pnid. FIRST PRIZE (For Other Stores)-! trip to the Paris Exposl- ( tion, all expenses paid. ( SECOND PRIZE—A trip to Beautiful Jamaica, or, if preferred, I a three weeks' trip to Bar Harbor or Saratoga next summer. THIRD PRIZE—A trip to Washington, or, if preferred, a two ( weeks' trip to the White Mountains next summer. ( SPECIAL. PRIZE—fSO in Bold to the one lending the Hat of eon- 1 testaats the largest number of days. These are the prizes offered by THE TRAVELER In the greatest voting i contest ever instituted, which Is to determine the most popular among the 1 salesir en and saleswomen of New England. 1 The contest la open to retail saleswomen and salesmen In the depart- 1 ment stores, clothing, furniture, jewelry, gentlemen's and ladies furnishing ( stores, grocery, boot and ehoe, confectionery stores, etc.   Two first prizes are offered that salesmen or soleswomen employed In the ( i big department steres may not have an unfair advantage over employees of  l the smaller stores. 1 In all cases THE TRAVELERS decision Is final. 1 In order that the leader at the end of each day may be determined, all votes to be counted must be in THE TRAVELER office at 5 oclock P. M. To start fair, all votes received up to 5 o'clock Monday, January 8, will be ' counted and the list will be printed In THE TRAVELER Tuesday. The one ' heading the list Tuesday will have scored one point toward the 5O prize, and ( so on, day by day, , Coupons will be printed dally In THE TRAVELER, and the name, the  place where employed and the address must be placed on each coupon. Every  coupon means a vote, and all votes must be sent to the Editor of the Vot-  ing Contest, at THE TRAVELER office, 307 Washington street.  The contest closes March 7, 1900, at 10 oclock P.M. All votes must be In ' THE TRAVELER office at that time. termed THE TRAVELER'S Grand Prix de Paris, the contestants are away. But, dropping the phraseology of the race track, THE TRAVELERS voting contest for the most popular among the salesmen or saleswomen In New Eng land is now fairly started. The first STATE WARNED ON B.38;A.LEASE Fitchburg Directors Say the Commonwealths Interest In Their Road Should Be Protected. Tn their annual report addressed to the governor the state directors of the Fitchburg railroad warn the General Court against granting its legislative sanction to the proposed lease of the Boston 38; Albany railroad by the New York Central, until the states vast in terests In the Fitchburg railroad have been amply and sufficiently protected. The communication was presented In the House this afternoon. According to the report, an agree ment has been in force between the New York Central and Boston 38; Al bany roads the effect of which was to divert valuable passenger and merchan dise traffic to the Boston 38; Albany rot 3. This arrangement is held to be il legal. The Legislature will be called on to act upon a proposal to lease the Bos ton 38; Albany road to the New York Central road for a long term. The report says that It is not to be supposed that such a lease will be given legislative sanction until the vast interests of the state in the Fitchburg road are protected in the most ample and unmistakeabie manner. We be lieve It to be our duty to direct atten tion to this subject. It is our duty to exrt ourselves in the same direction, in the discharge of the grave responsi bilities Imposed upon us as the repre sentatives of the commp-nwealth. upon the board of directors of the Fitchburg Railroad Company. The settlement of this question will permanently affect the value of the Fitchburg rai.ro.d, and will determine the extent to which the road may serve the purpose for which the original great  list of contestants appears today and the leaders have secured one point toward the special prize of 6O In gold to the one who heads the list the most number of days during rhe contest. To day the leader is Ralph M. Moulton of (Continued on Second Faae.) expenditure by the state was made. The report is signed by J. R. Leeson, Charles T. Plunkett and James Ren frew. DEWEY GETS LOVING CUP WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.—The loving cup of silver made from the melted dimes contributed by over 70,000 Amer ican citizens, the majority of whom wjre children, was presented to Ad miral Dewey this morning. A small but notable company assem bled In the parlors of the Dewey residence on Rhode Island avenue and par ticipatd in the ceremony The presentation speech was made by Senator Depew of New York, who re ferred to the universal marks of gratl tudj and esteem which had been paid to Admiral Dewey ever since his great achievement at Manila. In accepting the tribute Admiral Dew ey thanked Senator Depew for his gra cious words, and said that he was overpowered by this new proof of the grati tude of his countrymen. STRIKE IN SALEM SALEM. Jan. 9.—About 40 cutlers em ployed by I. Brown 38; Son. shoe man ufacturers here, went out on strike this morning. AU the strikers are members of the local Shoe Workers Union, which last week sent a now list of prices to the manufacturers. Last - - 6.30 p. m. JOINT ACTION The United States and Ger many Believed to Be Ready to Oppose England IN MATTERTIEIZURES LONDON, Jan. 9. —There is some reason to believe that the United States and German embassies are trying to find a common basis on which they can co-operate in pressing their respective demands against Great Britain for the Delagoa Bay seizures. A high official of the German embassy had a long conference today at the American embassy, and the diplomats are believed to have discussed the steps each country has al ready taken and the best future procedure. STUTTGART, Jan. 9. —Emperor William, telegraphing his thanks to the King of W urtemburg for assuming the pa tronage of the Wurtemburg committee of the navy league, says: I hope .he events of the last few days 'vill have con vinced the ever widening circles that not only Germany's inter ests but Germanys honor must be protected on distant seas, and to this end Germany must be strong and powerful on the seas. BULLER IS BLAMED.' LONDON, Jan. 9.—Further news of General Whites victory is anxiously awaited, as it is generally realized today that there was little warrant for the exultation which, perhaps, naturally followed the am ovncem38;nt of his repulse of the Boers, when the country had steeled itself to hear the worst. The remarkable revolution in Boer tactics has been another complete sur prise to the British, who had not reckoned on the weakened garrison at Lady smith being subjected to such a courageous assault, and it Is realized that _ (Continued on Third Puge.) MALONEY GOT DECOY LETTER Daniel J. Moloney, a postal clerk of the Somerville postoffice, was arrested by postoflice Inspectors early today on the charge of stealing registered let ters from the mails. He was brought before U. S. Commissioner Fiske and was held in l3OO until Tuesday, Jan. 23. The decoy letter scheme got Moloney Into trouble. A letter containing five marked 1 bills was addressed :o Mrs. Jennie Jef frey, 11 Adrian street, Somerville, and registered. It was passed through the office, but. failed of delivery. Moloney was searched, and on his person other registered letters were found. He lives at 2G2 Highland avenue, Som erville. GET AS EARLY START. Enter your favorite early in The Travelers grand voting contest. An early start makes a good end ing. —a—————-———a—— A Trip  To Paris i Free! i IT STANDS ALONE. 140 style of Odd Bureaux this week. These are for brass and metallic bed steads. We start the price at ',.50. and we run the whole gamut of beauty up to 2lO for a single bureau. Here is a good design for a brass bed. It is made of the choicest lot of birds-eye maple we have ever seen. The color is almost as light as ivory, and the eyes in the grain are as thick as stats in the sky. The entire lining is of birds-eye with a slightly darker finish. The front of the Vase is a triple serpentine. The glass is a massive 42-inch plate with a frame of cross-banded birds-eye The supports are superbly carved with flowers, etc., in sharp relief. French cabriole legs. Colonial brass trimmings. It is a beauty. Paine Furniture Co., KtHgw, DrHprlo und Fvirnittiro, -Sts CAAAh SSitCIOIi TT. Who Is tbe Most Popular Saleswoman or Sales man in Boston ? Help decide. Fill in the coupon on page 2 and tend your favorite to the Paris Exposition. PRICE ONE CENT. 