NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 02, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: vx027s11g
---
Advertise Your Wants inIHU LARGE RETURNS ARE ASSURED. ESTABLISHED 1824. Pitts-Kimball Co. NEXT TO PARK THEATRE. Special Wmiay Wains. SHOE DEPARTMENT. Dolgville best felt with belt ladles An ger as,  Buttton Overshoes, made by Boston Rubber Shoe Co.; prepare for snow storms; regular price 2.00; our price this  Q Ladies 1.50 All-Wool Jersey Leggins, full length over the knee. To the question, Can they be good at such a low price? we answer, there are no better made, every pair worth 1.30. Come Monday if you 7Qn want a pair at  zlz Ladies Red, Black and Brown Felt Juliets, trimmed with fur, Dolgville best felt, with belt leath er flexible soles, worth QQp 1.50, now iz Zz V Ladies Red, Dark Brown and Golden Brown Felt Slippers, leather flexible soles, 7Qp worth 1.25, now  tzlz Ladies Kid Foxed Beaver Top Bu.ton Boots, patent leather tips, regular price 1.49, Q Our Special Extra Heavy Sole Ladies Winter Walking loots, made in Box Calf and Dongola, custom stitched soles, regular price 3.00, for this week only we will sell Q 7 the m for... fc  O  Misses and Childrens 1 rowu and Red belt Juliets, trimmed with fur, Dolgville best felt, with belt leather flexible soles, sizes 7 to 2, regular price 99c., E Q now OtzO Children's Kid Foxed Beaver or Cloth Top Button and Lace Boots, sizes 2to 6, regular price OE- 37c., now Mens Hub Arcties, Boston make, light Jersey cloth tops, two styles of toes, regular price 1.75, our January sale 1 Q Mens 2.50 and 3.00 Double bole hoe, all marked to 2.00 — Made of Calf, t ox Calf, Russia Calf and Russet Grain, double sole, up-to-date winter shoes, our regular 2.50 and 3.00 lines, on account of the long-continued warm weather our January sale price will be, A A choice  V V Motorniens Felt Lace Shoes, with thick felt soles, some with leather soles over the felt soles, marked from 2.50 and 2.00 1.50 250 pair Mens Broadcloth Over gaiters, black, 5,7, 8 and 10 button, regular prices Ji.oo and 1.25. Not all sizes of each kind, but all sizes in the lot. In order to close quickly marked AQp to the unheard of price. z (z Youths Tan Double bole Lace Shoes, our regular 1.50 line, sizes 11 to 1. January qq _ sale price ZzV Lord Fauntleroy Leather Leggius, made of Ooze and Pebble Goat, former prices 2.00 and J 1.37, also tan Kersey 1.37, all QA p marked to only iz Zz xz Boys Army Leggins, made of tan canvas, laced at side, AQn worth f 1.00, now ZzC Infants Soft Soled Shoes and Moccasins, in fancy col ors, former price" 25c., now. lOC WOMENS FINE KID GLOVES. We p ic laed last week from one of New Yorks largest imp rt ng h uses, previous to their stock taking, 5000 Pairs Womens tine Higu-Gtade Kid Gloves, and s i ill place the entire lot on salj at ABOUT HALE 59c per pair, only PRICE. This 10. coib ra ;ooo pairs of stre. y fine high-grade pe.f ct Glove if this Biao is importation, not shopw nor repaired, and not a pair worth less than l.OO, colors are tans, reds, browns, gold browns, blacks and whites, in 2-clasp. Sale p. ice, 375 pairs Children's Fur Top Fleece Lined Mocha Mittens, regular price 50c. pair, January sale price, per pair, only 21c BANK WILL REOPEN Cashier Curtiss Says That Washington Will Gve Broadway AU the Time Necessary — Another Week G ven Now. SQUIRE AND GLOBE BANK The officials of the Broadway Nation al Bank, now in the hands of Comp troller Dawes of Washington, and under the immediate charge of Temporary Re ceiver Wing, confidently expect that the bank will reopen within a very short period, possibly two weeks. The time for completing the reorganization of the bank expired todayl. It has been ex tended to Jan. 9. Cashier Curtiss said to a TRAVELER reporter today: The outlook is most promising, and we will reopen within a short period. The only obstacle in the way at present is a few legal quib bles. When these are settled the bank will reopen.zWe have and are receiving every assistance possible from Receiver Wing and Comptroller Dawes at Wash ington. The bank Is in practically the same position as though it were under a per manent receiver, and depositors are pro tec, ed. The Washington authorities will grant us what time we need for re organizing, and I firmly expect to re open with! na short time, but when 1 cannot definitely state. The affair of the Squire Company and the numerous firms allied with it are slowly unravelling themselves to Assignee Chaplin, though the work Is long and tedious. Assignee Chaplin wTll nX call a meeting of the creditors for some few days, probably the first of next week, when he will endeavor to submit at that meeting a list of the assets and liabilities of rhe parent cor poration. This action is taken owing to the stand which creditors, represent ing hundreds of thousands of dollars, have taken. Mr. Chaplin will endeavor to ascer tain whether the total assets of the firm are equal to the total liabilit es, and if this should be' found to be the case, it will probably render unnecessary the task of determining the financial affairs of each of the individual firms and their relation to each other. Mr. George Fred Williams, represent ing a creditor of the J. P. Spuire Com pany to the amount of S2O.(XX), and a S2SCO creditor on Frank O. Squire, is the Houghton Dutton are still sell ing Carpeis at the old prices, al hough the third raise in prices has just been made by the manufacturers. Harlv end enormous purchases enable them to do it. only objector to the continuance of the firm In the assignees hands without a meeting of thS creditors. Mr. Chaplin tsates that thesb amounts are subject to litigation. Mr. G. F. Williams was seen by a TRAVELER reporter today, but re fuses to say what action he will now take. The work of settling up the affairs of Dillaway 38; Starr, th bankers and brokers on Water street, who assigned to E. C. Hovey on Dec. 19, is progress ing slowly, but satisfactorily to the members of the firm and the assignee. Owing to the nature of the assets it will take some little time to determine their real value. Work is progressing day and n'ght at the defunct Globe National Bank on State street. Temporary Receiver Wing, with a score of experts and clerks, is working on the books and endeavoring to ascertain the exact status of affairs. It w.Il probably take some days before Receiver Wing will be able to make a report, however. I have nothing whatever to say at present, was all that could be gotten out of Mr. Wing regarding the affairs of the bank. MORE MONEY FOR CHICAGO UNIVtRSITY CHICAGO, Jan. 2.—The University of Chicago has received a New Year's gift of 3,370,000. President Harper will make the announcement at the quarterly con vocation of the university at Stude baker Hail. The president hoped to an nounce that the university would be 4,- 000,000 richer, but he has not been able to raise the 315,000, which, duplicated by John D. Rockefeller, would make up that amount. However, Mr. Rockefel ler has wired that he w.ll extend the limit three months, and in that time Dr. Harper thinks he is reasonably sure of getting the remainder of the money as he has several large donations in prospect. Four years eg-o Mr. Rockefeller gave the University 1,000,000, and promised to dupli ate every amount donated before January, 1900, up to 2 000,000. One year ago Dr. Harper had secured 1,135,000 from various sources to apply on the 2,000,000. Since that time this amount has been raised 550,000. pulmonineT The Wonderful Curative Proper ties of Puuimiiie are fast becoming known throughout the world While it was used only in Dr. ( ushngs Practice as a family physician, it gained many friends, but since the formula, which is printed upon every bottle, has become the property of the Cushing Medical Supply Co., with their superb facilities to manufacture and distribute, the sale of Piilnionlne for COUGHS AND COLDS has le cotne phenomenal. This is no patent medicine. Ask vour druggist for it. Price C. per bottle. CUSHING MEDICAL SUPPLY CO., 580 Washington St., Boston, Mass. Boston traveler BACK BAY EAGER Gossips Want to Hear Details of Divorce Suit In Which Mrs. Sum ner Has Filed Papers. The Back Bav is soon to be treated to another sensation In rhe shape of a divorce case, which promises spici ness of story and interesting detail. The libellant is Mrs. Mabel S. Sum ner, whose residence has been given aa the Copley-square Hotel. She is young and good-looking, and the wife of Al phonso Sumner, from whom she is now seeking a separation. Mrs. Sumner oomes from a prominent family, kcLal ly. Alphonso is a drug-gist at cne of the Back Bay hotels. The wife charges adultery ag-ainst her husband, and says that it occurred tn a South End Ho tel. Mrs. Sumner was once possessed of considerable wealth, but it is said that she is now without it. How she lost her money will lappear, it is said, at the coming hearing. There is a child, Alphonso Thurston Sumner. In her declaration Mrs. Sum ner asks that she be allowed by the court to have custody of him, and, in addition to requesting a divorce, she aisks for alimony for the care of her self and boy. Mr. Sumner will contest all these pe titions. The Sumner marriage took place, ac cording to the declaration of the libel lant, in Boston on September 29, 1832. Since that time the couple have lived in the town of Milford and in this city. Mrs. Sumner declares she has always been faithful to her vows, but says that on September 13, of 1899. her husband committeed adultery in this South End hotel with some person unknown, and that at other times the libelee was guilty of a similar offense. It will be seen that the co-respondent has not been named, but it is believed that at the trial her Identity will trans pire. The case will soon come to a hearing, and it is expected that the trial will in terest a large number of friends and acquaintances of the couple, who were well known, and whose presence in di vorce proceedings have caused a great surprise. The name of a telephone operator, a pretty girl, dashing, and a good dresser, may be brought into the case. WASHING iON STATUE GIVEN A SITE PARIS, Jan. 2.—The city council has chosen the site for the equestrian statue of Washington. It is at the intersection of the Avenue dLena and the Avenue du Trocadero. It is a fine site in the midst of the American quarter, with the Place du Trocadero, the Palais du Tro cadero, the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees close by. The pedestal has also been approved by the council. The United States ambassador. Gener al Horace Porter, has had charge of the matter and has devoted mu. h time to it. He found that the French people were greatly pleased with the idea of the statue, wh.ch is the result of the efforts of patriotic American women, who raised the necessary funds by sub scription. It is desired to unveil the statute July 3 next, the anniversary of Washingtons acceptance of his com mission as general, which act the statue represents. When I kits you. Edgar. you are not afraid I am going io ask you ior money, are you? No. dear, but Im afraid you've already cleaned me out while I was asleep. CARD FROM A.SHUMAN BCD. Messrs. J. Shuman Co. an nounce that their store is closed today (Tuesday) stock-taking having just been completed, in order that their force may en gage without interruption in marking down the entire as sor ment of broken sizes which remains in every department. Men's, Hoys', Juvenl e Cloth ing, Hats, Shoes, I- urmshing Goods, Ladies' Suits and toa dies' Coats — all the broken lines and odd s zes at the Shu man Corner will be included in this st c-taking reduction sate which will begin tomorrow morning. Wednesday, January 3d At 8 oclock SHUMAN CORN2R Summer and Washington Sts TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1900.     QUAY STILL WATCHES THE PLUM TREE. 7000 EXHIBITORS FROM AMERICA CHICAGO. Jan. 2—Commissioner-Gen eral Peck of the United States commis sion to the Paris exposition, has issued a list of the principal comma rcial ex hibitors in the United States who have accepted space in the exposition as signed to them by the commissioner gemeral. The list contains 1095 names of parsons, firms, or corporations. This list does not include exhibitors on record in agriculture, mines, litera ture and periodicals, science, fine arts, religious, charitable and other associa tions, schools, colleges, eta. Such a list would includa the names of about 7000 exhibitors. WAGES OF 25,000 RAISED YESTERDAY PITTSBURG, Pa, Jan. s.—The wages of 25,000 men in Pittsburg were ad vanced from 5 to 10 per cent yesterday. Of these 14,000 are employed by the Car nagle Steel Company, 6000 by Jones 38; Iaughllns, and about 5(00 by the United States and National glass companies. THE WEATHER. Fair and Cold. WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.—New England and eastern New York: Fair and con tinued cold till Thursday; northwesterly to westerly gales, diminishing. NIAGARA ICE BRIDGE. BUFFALO, N. Y.. Jan. 2.—An ice bridge Kas formed in the gorge at Ni agara Falls, just above the upper steel arch bridge, but it is doubtful whether it will develop strength to bear any con siderable weight. Supt. Welch says it is the earliest bridge that has formed within his recollection. The ice scenery in the park is the finest in years. in Favor of dial CITY OF MEXICO. Tan. 2.—A plebis cite of the citizens republic was had yeaterday regarding candidates for the presidency in the term to begin next December, and a heavy vote favored the candidacy of President Diaz. Chicagos Canal Opens Tomorrow. CHICAGO, Jan. 2.—Unless plans fall water will be admitted to the new san itary canal tomorrow. Through the canal the waters of the great lakes will reach the Mississippi river. JOHN BULLS VI W OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. WANDERING IN THE WOODS Annie Bowman, who left the home of relatives on Fredericks street. Newton ville. last Sunday night, was found in ths Cabox street woods, yesterday af ternoon, by Mias Edith Kimball. Both her feet were badly frozen. To day they had improved somewhat, but the doctors are ir doubt whether they will have to be amputated. When found, the Bowman woman was scantily clad, and had on her feet only a pair of slippers. She was in a pitiable condition. She was hardly able to move. Miss Kimball took the woman to her home on Washington park and notified the police. She was taken to the police station, and after being treated by a physician was later removed to the Newton Hospital. COLORED COACHMAN BURNED IN STABLE FALL RIVER. Jan. 2.—Fire broke out early this morning in a stable owned by John P. Bodge, treasurer of the Ark wright Mills, on Whipple street, and consumed the building. John Oliver, colored coachman, who slept in the upper story of the barn, was burned to death. Seven carriages, 10 sets of harness and four splendid driving horses were lost. The fire probably started from a stove in the barn. Damage is estimated at 6OOO, fully covered by Insurance. BUNGLING WORK ON FIRE ALARMS Two alarms from Box 528 at 10.20 and 10.25 today brought the West Roxbury fire apparatus scurrying to the Forest Hills 