NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 03, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: w3769f040
---
W30.000 MARK PASSED IN THE TRAVELERS POPULAR VOTING CONTEST - SEE PACE 8. TRIP TO PARIS EXPOSITION FREE. Watch THE TRAVELERS Voting Con test for Bostons Most Popular Saleswomen or Salesmen. TRIP TO JAMAICA FREE. ESTABLISHED 1824. MKINLEY AND FARSON— HvW WOULD IT LOOK ? Railroad Men Are Indicted f 1 NEW YORK, Feb. I—The grand jury at the Court of Quarter Sessions at Paterson. N J., has found an indictment against officials and employees of the Delaware, Lackawana 38; Western railroad, charging them with man slaughter. as an outcome of the wreck on the Lackawanna road near the Paterson depot on Thanksgiving evening, when seven persons were killed. COURTMARTIALLED Cap s. Bordman and McDonald of 26 h Before Military Board. BOTH ABE BOSTON MEN Prosecution Cla ms Filipino Prisoner Was Killed by Soldiers. A cable to the Boston Globe from Iloilo, P. 1., states that Captain John Bordman, Jr., and Captain Frsd McDonald of the Twenty-sixth Regiment are being court-martialed on the charge of executing a Filipino captain. The prosecution contends that Pedro Gargenero, a Ladrone captain, a United States prisoner, captured at Guimbal, was executed in the presence of Cap tain Bordman and Captain McDonalds soldiers. Both officers are from Boston. Cap tain Bordman was an officer in the First Heavy Artillery, M. V. M., and served for a tims as adjutant to Colonel Rice in the Twenty-sixth Regiment. He af terward was given command of a com pany. Captain McDonald commanded Com pany H, Charlestown, of the Fifth Mas saohusetts, U. S. V., during the Spanish war. Both officers ard held in high re gard by all who know them, as officers and gentlemen. A story of the affair at Guimbal may throw some Light on the court-martial. It is dated Iloilo, Jan. 23. In brief it follows: Five days ago a native messenger from Guimbal, west of Tlgbanan, rod into Hollo to report that a robber band was running off with young women. CAPTURE HEMP AND STORES WASHINGTON, Fefb. J —General Otis latest report shows that rapid progress is being made in opening up the hemp ports in the Islands south of Luzon. Colonel Kobbe, in command of an ex pedition into the islands of Samear and Leyte, adjoining Luzon on the south east, reports the capture of three of the most Important towns in the islands ind of a large quantity of hemp at these points, as well as 80 pieces of artillery and rifles, stores and ammunition. NORTH END FIRE Rndnlek Brothers' bakery. P 4 snd PS Char ter st., was partially destroyed by fire yester day, causing a loss of about lOOO, of which 3OO is to stock. The firs started In the floor timbers over the oren on the second flour, and sained great headway before discovered. The building la owned by I. H Atkins. Ta she rtie only one who objects to marry ing you?" Ya. "Why don't you get her parents to oppose the match? Shes an orphan. SNOW AND ICE. "And then there came both ice and snow. And It itf wondrous cold." Now th snow shore), sklcwalk chisel and ice tools are In demand. We bare them of the heat quality and in quantity for the largest dealer or corporation; also for the householder, st the most favorable prices. BBJBOK4. No 81 North Market t. The Illinois Man Considered as the Presidents Running Mate This Fall. As a ranging mate for President McKinley, Western Republicans are putting forward rhe same of John Earaon. of nimoia. They gay he would etreng ben the ticket; that the battle thia year must be fought In rhe Middle West, and that Illinois Is s pivotal state and Is en titled to recognition. Mr. Fsroen ha. a strong and entbuidastle following In rhe West and command, the eonfl. dence and respect of the Republican party, tn which be ha been a life-long worker. Hie supporters say that he Is young and progree lv and a level-headed man of affairs. He has .massed s fortune In private business, and Is s man of culture end high standing. Western Republicans aver that a better se lection for vice-president than Mr. Farson could not be made. (killing natives supposed to be friendly to the Americans, and stealing whatev er they could cart away from the homes of wealthy natives. i Captain Fred McDonald, with Com pany M, was despatched on a night march for the place. He took three days rations, and the roads being good and dry, a quick inarch was made to Tlgbanan, where the company camped the first night. Barty in the evening of the second day Guimbal was reached. The rob bers were still In town, but the alarm was given just as Company M was coming In. McDonald divided his com pany and sent one-half in command of Lieutenant Moynahan to make a detour over the hills back of the town, with the hope of gutting off retreat. The LadroMes ran up against Moyna han. and. tMlnkfug Ms force the whole that oame in, turned back into town to take a new route out. They had a herd of carabaos which they had stolen, and when Moynahans men began firing, the robbers took refuge behind the animals, several of which were killed. In the disk a befuddled robber lost his way and found himself all of a sudden within the American lines. He was armed with a bolo, and this he began to flourish with a swiftness that made the blade whisper. One of the soldiers shot, but missed him, and right at that soldier went the robber. With a swift downward stroke he took the rim oft the left side of the man's cam paign hat, and cut him slightly on the shoulder. The blade flashed in the air again, but was caught on the barrel of a rifle, and before the robber could make another move he was killed by a shot through the head. When the people In Miagao, the next town west of Guimbal, heard that the Americans were near they sent in a delegation to pray for protection. Rob bers had been in Miagao two days be fore and cut both arms off the son of the president of the town. They had also committed other outrages and promised to come back later and burn the place If a certain amount of money was not ready for them. McDonald marched back to Iloilo and made report. He reached here this morning, and with 10 men started back or Guin tai on the steamer Hercules. Lieutenant Moynihan, with the rest of the company, will follow in the morn ing with 30 days provisions. BIG COLLIER IN DANGER SEATTLE, Wash., Feb B.—The collier Washtenawa Is in port! near Cape Flat tery. Her nuaciiinery has broken down, and she lies at anchor at the mercy of a storm. MR. PHELPS UNCHANGED NEW HAVEN. Ct.. Feb 3.—The con dition ot Hon. Edward J. Phelps re malns unchanged this morning. FUND FOR TEACHERS A hearing was given by the Commit tee on Mercantile Affairs last evening on the bill accompanying the petition of George M. W. Hall and others for legislation authorizing the formation and disbursement of a public school teachers retirement fund in the city of Boston. Ex-Representative Alfred S. Hayes, the first speaker, said the act would exclude any act for pensioning teachers. Mi as Josephine Rice, an as sistant in the East Boston High School; Miss Teresa Frazer of the Hancock School, Augustus H. Kelley, principal of the Lyman School; Miss Sarah Ar nold, supervisor of the Boston schools: Alfred Bunker, principal of the Quincy School: Miss Laura Fisher and George F. Houghton spoke in favot of the act. Frank O. Carpen tei of the English High School opposed the measure on the ground that the compulsory section of the bill was obnoxious to him and many other teachers. He added that the teachers who signed the petition followed the example of their principals. That dg certainly seems almost human at tUaea, said old Mr. Fussy. Yes," aald Mrs, Fussy, "he growls ovar his food aute as much as you 4o.' r he Boston itraickr INJUNCTION ISSUED AGAINST TAYLOR Judge Cantrill of ths Slate Court Forbids Him to Move the Legislature. GOEBELS SI ALARMING FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 3. —Judge Cantrill has issued a temporary injunction, restraining Governor Tayor from in terfering with the Legislature and from removing the seat of that body to London. GREAT CHANGE FOR THE WORSE. FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 3, 11.30 A. M.—Shortly after 10 oclock Governor Goebel suffered from a severe sinking spell and grew worse so rapidly that for a time it was thought the end was not far off. Stimulants were hastily administered, but the patient re sponded slowly, and his condition at this hour is considered alarming. APPEALS TO FEDERAL COURTS. LOUISVILLE. Ky., Feb. 8.-3 A. M.—Having been refused help by the fed eral government, William S. Taylor has decided to appeal to ths federal oourt. The Republican gubernatorial claimant win this morntnx ask Judge Evane to Issue a writ of injunction restraining William Goebel from acting as governor. This course was decided upon here early this morning at a conference of the Republican attorneys. William O. Bradley, whom General Taylor succeeded as governor, will probably lead In the argument before Judge Evans. It Is expected that the petition for the writ will contain these chief points: L—That General Taylor undoubtedly had the majority of the votes at the late election, and the political opponents o.acially called upon to pass upon aid election have so decided. 3—That any attempt of the Democratic Legislature to unseat him Is usurpation of power and unconstitutional. B—That the declaration for Mr. Goebel made by the Democratic legisla tors is void, as he (Taylor) had adjourned the Legislature until next Tuesday, and any legislation tn the interim js illegal. 4—That ha bad the power so to adjourn the Legislature, as he deemed an'lnsurrection existed, and he alone, governor, was the judge of said in surrection. TO CARRY OFF DEMOCRATS FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. B.—Chair man John Barrett of the Republican joint caucus, has issued a call for a ses sion of the caucus at the court house in London. Monday, 4 P. M. This is taken to Indicate that there will be an attempt to organize a Legislature and to elect new officers. To make a quorum it will be necesEOWARD SAW THE PICTURES Naw Ke Is Found Guilty of Robbing His Female Entertainers. In the Roxbury court todiy Edward Duff of 479 Dudley street, chargjd with larceny of a promissory note valued at CHAMBERLAINS FOE TO ATTACK HIM AGAIN SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 3, 1900. ary for the troops to arrest and take to London enough of the Democrats for that purpose. A leader of the Republi can party said: We will elect all legislative officers and elect ex-Governor Bradley to the United States Senate, thereby getting a contest In the Senate which will bring a decision from competent authority." Governor Taylor has provided against the delay and Inconvenience of receiv ing and sending telegrams In his pres ent exclusive quarters, by means of messengers He has had two wires run Into his office, and has his own opera tors within. 4, was found guilty by Judge Bolster, and sentenced to pay a fine of 2O. He appealed and was held in lOO for the Superior Court Miss Margaret Davis and a Mrs MeKnight said they met Duff in Washing ton street last evening and went to a hotel. Duff said they invited him to their room. Eddie accepted and provid ed himself with a pint bottle of whisjSiuC said that the women showed him ' photographs of "their aunts, their un cles, their cousins and their sisters." I Then it was the womens turn. They ! said that after Duft departed. Miss Davis missed the note, and they noti fied Patrolman Kempton, who intro duced Duff to Judge Bolster today. Mina Davis Is said to be Mrs. McKnlght's maid. Mr. McKnight Is said to be a prominent professional man of Roxbury. I Philip Stanhope to Bring Colonial Secretary to Book for Bringing On the War. Probably the man whom Joseph Chamber lain, the British colonial secretary, hate and fear, more than any other min In the world today Ie Philip Stanhope. He ha good reaeon to bite Stnhope--to single him out from the millions In Britain and Africa who am cursing Chamberlain for hurling Great Britain into war, for of all those million Stanhope la Chamberlain's most In reterate pursuer. He hunts the secretary like a bloodhound. He has sworn to undo the man who Is outlined against the times as the chief cause of the Boer air, and, now Parlia ment Is opened, the two men will be at each other's throats again. BOSTON COMBINE IN FISH Controls Only 40 Per Cent of Business. A fish combine, formed in Boton. comprising wholesale dealers represent ing 40 per cent of the wholesale busi ness of Boston and the New England coast cities, was formally started last Thursday. The title of the organization la The Boston Fish Company," and articles of Incorporation are under the laws of Delaware. The authorized capital of the com bine is 5,000,000, and the paid-up capital is lOO,OOO. The officers of the combine are L. D. Baker, president: John R. Neal, vice-president; N. D. Freeman, secretary, and R. L. Mayo treasurer. The larger amount of the business In this city Is represented by dealers who have not joined the combine. These men control fully 60 per cent of the business, and say that they can suc cessfully combat the efforts of the com bkie to control the Industry. As yet no organization ot the outside dealers has been effected, but in event of pressure being brought by the com bine these men will organize and fight. Already an Informal agreement has been reached. ' The dealers who are not connected with the combine are: F. J. OHara. P. H. Prior, J. Burns  Co., E. A. R.ch, J. Adams, Perkins 38; Bates. Bunting 38; Emery, A. F. Rich, Boston Fish Company; L B. Goodspeed, Lombard 38; Curtis. Arnold 38; Winson. Conquest 38; Hodgkins B. F. Phillips, Coleman 38; Son, J. W. Hamilton. C. Hunt 38; Co., F. A. Harding. William Haskell, S. H. Jackson, Rlcn 38; Free man, R. O'Brien. W. Wonson, American Fish Co.. McManus 38; Co. MANAUiNSE MAY BE LOST NEW YORK, Feb. B.—Considerable apprehension le felt by the officials at the navy yard relative to the safety of the transport Manauense, which left Manila for San Francisco on Dec. 8, and has not since been heard from. It would not surprise the officials very much to learn that she has foundered. So far as known, no officers or enlisted men were on board. FLORA E. ALLEN ENTERS APPEAL Flora E. Allen, who claims to be the legal widow of rhe late Elbridge G. Allen, formerly superintendent of the New York, New Haven 38; Hartford railroad, has entered in the office of the clerk of the Supreme Court an appeal from the decision of Judge McKim of the Suffolk Probate Court, who found, after a long hearing, that Harriet E. Allen of Portland is the legal widow of 1 Mr Allen, and that Elbridge G. Allen, Jr., Is the legalheir to the estate of Mr. Allen, which amounts to about 30,000. Lowell School Reunion. The Lowell School Association held its second annuad reunion Ln the school building, Centre street, Roxbury, last evening. It was attended by about 300 former pupils of the school. The hall was decorated with greenery. After a concert by an orchestra, danc ing was enjoyed until after midnight. A collation was served. James W. Loughlin was floor director. He was I assisted by Henr