NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 13, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: ww72jh90q
---
W WHERE THE TRAVELER'S GUESTS WILL GO—SEE PAGE 6, Pho Id Tour Favorite Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choice a trip to Pari free. Coupon on page X ESTABLISHED 1824. STILL KILLING JHEREBELS Strong Filipino Positions Taken and Forts Des troyed. OFFICERS ARE CAPTURED MANILA. Jan. 13—9 A. M.—Advices from Cebu report a sharp fight on, Jan. 8 between a battalion of the Nineteenth Infantry and a body of insurgents oc cupying a strong position in the Sud lon mountains. The enemy was routed, the Americans capturing a smooth bore cannon. some rifles and destroying the fortifications. Four Americans were wounded. The insurgent general, Flores, having CZAR THANKS M. MURAVIEFF ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 13.—The czar has addressed a rescript to Count Mu ravieff, the minister of forjign affairs, highly eulogistic of the eminent quali ties displayed by the minister in bring ing about a happy solution, in conform ity with the czars Instructions of the disquieting political events arising from the Cretan Insurrection and the TurcoGreek war, thus showing true appre ciation of the historic mission which haxs fallen to the lot of Russia. Some people call them TROUSERS, but we have examined them all, and those we see selling at half price—ln the newspapers—at 1.95 are identical to our 1.50 counter of PANTS. Please ask for PANTS In our store, not TROU SERS. PANTS Is the proper American word. SOLD OUT TO RAYMOND YESTERDAY Entire stock of Martin Lindblad, No. 427 Westminster Street-finest FURNISHING GOODS STORE in Providence, R. I. ELEGANT NECK WEAR, KID GLOVES, SHIRTS, etc., all on sale at half price by the time you read this notice. THE RAYMOND SYNDICATE - - - 356 Washington Street. Grand  Voting s Contest established a rendezvous with 100 men at Humingan, province of Nueva Vis caya, Captain Benson, with two troops of the Fourth Cavalry, was sent to dislodge him. The Insurgents were scattered, their horses were captured and the position was burned, the Amer icans sustaining no losses. The American forces yesterday occu pied Magallanes, province of Cavite, capturing 20 insurgents, including a colonel. HELD iiislooo EACH ON BURGLARY CHARGE In the Roxbury court today, George I. Clark of 29 Smith street, and Bernard Gately of Whittier street, Roxbury, were held in lOOO until Jan. 15 and 17. respectively, on the charge of breaking and entering and larceny in the houses of Thomas Connell, 143 Terrace strejt, and Mary Hewitt, 12 Hampshire street. The arrests were made by Patrolmen ONeil, Lane and Murphy. THE MOST POPULAR SALES WOMAN. Clip out the vote on Page 2 of Ilie Traveler and fill it in for your favorite naleswonian. She may win the trip to Paris.  W Boston traveler. BURGLARS BREAK A BANK BUFFALO, N. T., Jan. 13.—A special to the News from Nunda says: Five men broke Into the bank at Rushford early this morning. The safe was blown open with dynamite. The amount ob tained is not yet known. 65,000 FIRE AT HALLOWELL HALLOWELL, Me., Jan. 13.—The Wilder 38; Companys oilcloth works in this city were burned this morning. Two men were quite badly injured by an explosion, and Mayor Safford was knocked down but, fortunately, unhurt. The loss will be between 65,000 and 75,000, and it is understood that there is only 30,000 insurance to cover this loss. el free of charge. equal In operations of SI RGERY. Consult him and remember that thes LIPS or EARS may mar otherwise per fect features. The Surgeon of the HARVARD DERMATOLOGIST, 7 4 f oylston Street, without an absolutely successful uud painless opera tions ARE NOT and CANNOT BE PER FORMED ELSEWHERE. Call or send for leaflet on SKIS and SCALP. Every form of SKIN UIS EASE permanently eured. CHARGES MODERATE. PULMONINE. 35 cts. per Bottle. Tour druggist has it. Nothing like it rOR COU CHS AND COLDS . SATURDAY. JANUARY 13, 1900. AMBASSADOR CHOATE —"1 have come for an answer Mr. Bull. — Philadelphia Times. SLAIN BY A GANG Burglars Murder a Mer chant of Edenburg, 0. EDENBURG, 0.. Jan. 13.—N. K. Gose, a leading merchant here, was mur dered early today by burglars Owing to the frequent loses through burglars, Mr. Goss had his place of business fit ted up with an electric burglar alarm, which was connected with his resi dence, a few blocks distant. Shortly after 1 oclock this morning the alarm sounded. Mr. Goss dressed hastily, secured the assistance of a neighbor and went to the store. The front door had been forced open. Mr. Goss re-entered, while the neighbor guarded the alley in the rear. A volley of revolver shots greeted the proprietor. Hj fell, mortally woun ded. The burglars, three in number, rushed through the front entrance and escaped. Mr. Goss was carried home and died three hours later. The neighbor ob tained only a glimpse of the murderers. They were seen moving toward Palmy ra, however, and a posse at once began pursuit. IS WILLIAM A POLYGAMIST? Florence Archer Charges MCormick With Marry ing Twice. William McCormick, claiming to be an assistant to Prof. Wood of Harvard College, was arraigned before Judg? Westworth tn the Municipal Court to day, charged by Sergeant Hyland of the Lagrange street station with polygamy. He pleaded not guilty. The case was continued to January 16 in BO9 bonds, as the second alleged wife did not appear. Florence Archer is the complainant. She says she is an actress and has not lived with her husband, McCormick, for four years. She charges that in 1898 McCormick met one Mabel Hart and has been living with her as man and wife in a South End hotel. Mabel, so Florence stated, visited her last night, but Mabel did not come to court today. To Celebrate Ohios Launching. SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13.—The Ohio Society of California has appointed a committee to devise a plan for appropri ately celebrating the launching of the battleship Ohio. 3062 IN A DEAD MAN'S COAT C. H. Blaisdell of Charles town Was Thought to Be Penniless. On Jan. 2 Charles H. Blaisdell, a well known resident of Charlestown, died after many months of sickness. It wus supposed that Blaisdell was penniless, as for the past 23 years he had been an invalid. After his death, however, his clothing received a thorough overhauling, and in the Inside pocket of his coat was found 3(H2 in bills. The bills were all old and showed constant though care ful handling. His nearest friend was John F. Bat tles, a well-known business man of Main street, and to him waaiven the money for safe Keepmg until gome legal disposition can be made at it. For nine years Blaisdell boarded at the hW of Miss Lucv Battles, aft aunt of John F., on Devens street. Charles town, but a year ago he went to live at the home of Mrs. G. I. Richardson, 21 Harvard square, where he died. Being an invalid, suffering greatly from rheu matic troupe, he was a constant care for both women Want New Trial for Weeden. KINGSTON, R. 1., Jan. 13.—Attorneys for Andrew Weeden, the Narragansjtt Pier wife murderer, today filed evidence in the case which, It is said, is suffi cient to warrant a nsw trial. WHY DONT YOU DRINK BOSTON BLEND COFFEE? Yoe may answer 'Why Should It BECAUSE— First Nine-tenths of those who pay a  high price get no better coffee, no matter by what name it la called. Second. All those who are paying 25c. pr f)r other coffee no what it is calk'd, are using coffee not as good as BOSTON BLEND.  Third. AU those who pay less thsn 25 cents are using very ordinary eoffee, no matter what it is called, under the impression that they are buying their coffee cheap. Fourth. BOSTON BLEND Is all coffee— fa all American Coffee—ls all fine Coffee—is honestly packed and honestly labelled. Fifth. It is n at a so-called "bargain— I  it is not a 88-cent Coffee sold for 25c.—It is not Mocha or Java, but It Is just what the label calls for. and Is sold for 25 cents per pound because it Is worth 25 cents per pound. 1 lb. cans. 25 cents; 2 lb. cans. SO cents; S lbs. in either one or two pound cann, sent express paid to any address in New England upon receipt of 12.00. Our new price Hat for January sent to any address upon applica tion. Cobb; Bates 38;Yerxa CO. BOSTON. LAST -- 6.30 P. M. STORM HEIGHTS Belgian Reports Say That Boers Have Ladysmith Entirely In Their Power. CAPITULATION HOURLY EXPECTED VIENNA, Jan. 13. —The Neue Freie Presse today pub lishes a despatch from Brussels, saying news has been received there from Pretoria to the effect that the Boers have stormed all the heights around Ladysmith and that the capitulation of that place is hourly expected. IS TOWN RELIEVED? LONDON. Jan. 13.—1 t Is rumored that General Sir Charles Warren with 10,000 men, relieved Ladysmith by forced maJ-oft. OPEN ANO BITTER CRITICISM. LONDON, Jan. 13.—The time has come when the people of Great Britain no longer keep silent regarding the mismanagement of tne war. What chiefly marks the passing of the British from a period of passive discontent to most severe fault-finding is the outspoken abuse of their generals in the field. There are unpleasant stories of fierce service jealousies and. in short, all the armys shortcomings, which heretofore have beet secretly whispered in clubs, are this week finding their place in print. It is now well known that General Buller despises Field Marshal Lord Roberts, and hates General Lord Kitchener, the commander-in-chief; that Lord Wolseley shares General Buller's feelings, and that Wolseley is scarcely on speaking terms with the secretary of state for war, Lord Lansdowne. To such a flagrant extent does this enmity go that Lord Wolseley wrote to Lady Buller that he knew nothing about Lord Roberts' appointment to command the British troops in South Africa, and that he disapproved of it. Without enormous obstacles to overcome in the way of the Boers strenuous resist ance and Initial advantages, this condition of affairs between the army lead ers would constitute a stupendous drawback to the success of the British. One paper, usually well informed on service matters, declares it is quite likely that General Buller will throw up his command and come home and be a thorn in the side of the government. This is probably an exaggera- (Continned on Last Pave.) Ravages of Disease. LONDON, Jan. 13—The death list from enteric fever and dysentery at Ladysmith, averaging from six to 10 daily, ar considered more seriously than the 420 casualties of Saturday s fight, as they Indicate the frightful un sanitary condition of the beleaguered town. A letter from Ladysmith, dated Dec. 7, says that even then 90 out of 540 men in tne battalion of which the writer was a member were sick with dysentery or enteric fever; and, accord ing to a despatch to the Daily Chroni cle dated Jan. 8. the patients and at tendants in Tombi camp, where the hospital is. then numbered 2800. Boers Have 100,000 Men LONDON. Jan. 13.—An apparently well-informed correspondent of the Morning Post says: The Boer strength, originally 83,000 men. Is now heavily augmented by Cape Colonists, and the enemy s fighting forces may be estimated fairly at 100,- 000 men and 206 guns. The Boers are not compelled to guard their commu nications. Their grass is good. the I crops are growing, vegetables, cattle and sheep are plenty, and game is abundant. A LOUD CALL. If China Cabinets did not occupy the prominent position they do today in the fashionable world we should not be showing 166 different patterns, and giving up space to them which has been wrenched away from deserving goods. The demand gives a strong, steady sale. We have them as low as 10.50 and from that up to 225. You can find them in several woodsand in a myriad sizes, shaves, patterns and designs. We can fit the very smallest room or the most obscure corner. The stvie here shown is a 5-tier case in semi elliptical form, with wood back, and wood shelves. It has a richly carved gallery and massive claw feet. Curved glass is in each window. It is 75 inches in height and 42 inches wide. This is spacious enough for the complete display of the average household stock. Paine Furniture Co., Kuy;, Dmperien nnd Furniture, 4N CA.NA.I STTHt 15ECT. FREE TRIPS TO PARIS EXPOSITION TRAVELERS mag nificent prizes for Most Popular  Saleswomen or Salesmen VOTE FOR YOLR FAVORITE PROBABLY NOT ONE ESCAPED ST. JOHNS, N, Jan. 13—1 AM.— The following comprlsM all the details regarding the wrack in St. Mary's bay that could be obtained up to midnight: The ship was a two-masted steamer of nearly 3000 tons, and probably car ried a crew of 60, with possibly some passengers. She went ashore before daybreak on Thursday, striking a ledge at the foot of the cliff, where escape was hopeless. The crew launched the boats, but probably during the panic some were crushed against her sides, others being swampei, and all the occupants appar ently perishod. . The ship was seen to be on fire by residents six miles away. Attracted to the scene, they found the after half of the wreck blazing fierce ly and the fore part under water. Ker osene in tne cargo helped the blaze. At that time only three men were left on board. Two were on the bridge and one was in the rigging. Those on the bridge were safe until about 2 P.M., when they were washed overboard and drowned, the bridge being carried away. The survivor soon afterward left the rigging, swam to the rocks and twice endeavored to get a footing. Falling Nt this he made his way back to the rig ging, where he aled of exposure during the night. Many dead bodies are visible tossing in the surf. Two or them were thrown up In a cove, but cannot be reached, owing to the heavy sea. One is thought to be the body of a woman. Boats and other wreckage are strewn among the rocks for miles. THE WEATHER. Rain or Snow; Variable Winds. WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.—Forecast for Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont: Fair tonight; snow and warmer Sun day; vari sle winds, becoming south erly. For Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut: Fair tonight; increasing cloudiness Jlnd rain or snow Sunday af ternoon. variable winds, becoming southeasterly. PRICE ONE CENI2 Miserable, Unhappy Woman . Suffering Needlessly When DR. GREENES NERVURA Blood and Nerve Remedy WILL MAKE HER WELL. Mr. Caroline Chandler, Concord, N. H., says: Poor woman, with her delicate body and unstrung nerves. Life is hard Da her. The world Is heavy and it drags her over its rough roads regardless - of the jars and shocks which tear her nerves and  sap her an d And how a  e endures t Doris bae Dttttg of it clergymen praised it the G wo  gained by it. Hut it Is wrong, we say. I s to su ffer needlessly—to drag JBB JgKSj-J through life listless, weak, melancholy, use lSScgta less and uninteresting. If there were no r Dr. Greene's Kervura blood and nerve remedy, it would be different. ' V  I But there Is llt is ready to add old time ?? 1 grace and spring to your feet, to light I Eft     ose eyes with sparkle and bring tr-T3a f'    a dainty pink to those sallow cheeks, ar ' H  haa done it so often. There is no J   ) doubt about it. J h 7-fc    Set your blood tingling and iighten up EK    your nerves with a safe, sure