NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: January 06, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: zs264h88h
---
FTWO TRIPS TO PARIS FREE! JOIN THE BOSTON TRAVELERS GREAT VOTING CONTEST!  Who la Towr Farorlte Saleswoman or Salesman ? Give your choice  trip to Pa ria free. Coupon on page x ESTABLISHED 1824. United StatesTrustCompany New Safe Deposit Vaults, 32 COURT ST., BOSTON, MASS. The United States Trust Company respectfully announces to its patrons and the public the opening of a Safe Deposit busi ness January I, 1900, for the storage and safe keeping of securi ties, valuable papers, jewels, plate, etc., in the newly construct ed Safe Deposit Vaults adjoining its banking rooms, at No. 32 Court St., Boston, Mass. These vaults have been constructed with a degree of security, convenience and elegance believed to be hitherto unequalled. They are protected by the best appli ances developed by modern science and the actual experience of the business for the safety and security of the stored property. Capacity, 10,000 boxes. The public is respectfully invited to call at their earliest convenience for the purpose of inspecting the vaults and their appointments. Popular prices will prevail. DIRECTO KN  G W ARMSTRONG. Pre.. Armstrong Trans- I. A. RATSHKSKY, Ranker, fer Co A. SHUMAN. A. Shuman A Cd. WM A. BANCROFT, Pres. Boston Elevated EDW. U. CIRTIB. ex-Mayor of Boaton. a v Go. A. C. RATBHESKY. Banker. E. W. ANTHONY, Tress. Smith A Anthony C. S. SPENCER. Manager and Trustee Adams . JAS T PHELPS. Nat. Life Ins. Co. THOSL P FITZPATRICK, Pres. Union Inst. OTIS SHEPARD. Pres. Shepard 38; Morse Lum, tor Savings. her Co F. J ALLEY. Treas. Alley Brewing Co. EDW P. WILBUR. E. P. Wilbur A Co. JOSHUA B HOLDEN Trustee ALBERT E. PILLSBURY. ex-Atty. Gen. THOS. J. GARGAN. Subway Commissioner. OFFICKKN a President, A C. RATSHESKY. Vice Presidents. G. W. ARMSTRONG, ALBERT E PILLSBURY. Serretarv snd Actusry. WM. H. HIDDEN, Jr. Treasurer, I. A. RATSHESKY. Su?  vaults, EDW. H. BURDETT. Asst. Supt. Vaults. WALTER PORTER. EAST BOSTON lining up Jesse Goves District Looking Forward To Its Share of Official Plums. Yt must not bo thought that Charles town has a mortgage on the plums which Mayor Hart will award to the g od Loys tn the Republican party in the next few years. And if there are Murphy men In Charlestown who helped win the fight, there are also Murphy men in every ward in Boston —Now. When one looks the field over and wit nesses the tremendous number of Mur phy leaders in all the wards, one can not but wonder where in the name of all that is good, and how did General Collins manage to get more than 38,00 U votes. However, that has nothing to do with the case. This only deals with what East Boston expects in the matter of plums. The superintendent of ferries is natur ally a place which belongs to East Bos ton. There are half a dozen or more sons of the district who are willing to give up good jobs in private life that THE First Annual Mark-Down Sale OVERCOATS, SUITS, ULSTERS. This sale presents the oppor tunity to purchase garments of the Celebrated Famous manufacture at a reduction of from 40 to 50 per cent. See our colossal display of clothing in the show windows for spec ial Saturday Bargains. B FAMOUS 590, 592, 594 Washington Street COR. HAYWARD PLACE. i Grand  Voting I Contest  I they may serve the people as the mana ger of the ferries. Among the first is George Fitzpatrick. He believes the place is in his hands, so it will do no good to mention the other candidates. Mr. Fitzpatrick has the confident eof Mr. Jesse Gove, and his friends say Mr. Gove Inas promised him the place. If he has Mr. Gove will make good, for he is a man of his word. There has been no end of talk regard ing the prospects of Mr. Peter Morrison for a good place under Mayor Hart. Mr. Morrison is in a position of mighty eminence. First he is the choice of the Curtis men for the best job in the gift of the administration, and the motion is mad unanimous by Mr. Gove, who has A soft spot in his heart for popular So it looks like a sure thing for Mr Jor-rison. He deserves his reward. When his party had nothing to offer him except a knock-down in a chance to lead a forlorn hope Mr. Morrison was always on hand to take his medicine. (Continued on Third Page.) MAKE YOUR MONEY EARN YOU A SALARY. OUR SYSTEM OF Go-Operative Investments Pays our customers regu larly on the first of each month, affords protec tion to conservative in vestors who wish to avoid risk and secures  for them an excellent income. Successful Without loss of one dol lar to any customer. . . Investors WRITE FOR FULL PARTICULARSCHAS. 8. HOD 38; CO 1 Exchange Place Boston Mass W oiiton traveler. PORTUGAL DECLINES ANY LOAN LISBON, Jan. B.—A semi-official noe to the press regarding the Anglo-Ger man agrement has just been issued. It is as follows: "The British and German govern ments having previously reached an agreement between themsHves, In formed Portugal that in the event of her contracting a large loan for the purpose of rrorganizlng her finances, the two governments were disposed to guarantee the sucrose of the operation. At the same tim tha. government of Great Britain and Germany assured Portugal that the basis of the agree ment between them was the recognition of the integrity of the Portuguese co lonial dominions arid the legitimacy of Portuguese sovereignty over the Portu guese possessions. They further suggested that in the event of Portugal accepting a proposal concerning a loan the latter should be guaranteed by the colonial and customs receipts. The Portuguese government then declared that it had no need of such a loan. and. according to our In formation. has no such need to the present day. SPEAKER STIFF IN CLARK CASE WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.-Mr. Henry C. Stiff, speaker of the Montana House of Representatives, was the first wit ness in the Clark case before the Senate committee on privilege and elections to day. Representative Campbell ofl Mont ana questioned Mr. Stiff, and his ques tions were directed toward showing that the embarrassed financial condition of State Representative McLaughlin had been taken advantage of by Senator Clark to approach him to secure his vote, and also that Mr. Stiff s own vote had been Improperly solicited. Mr. Stiff stated that he knew that Mr. McLaughlin was in distressed financial circumstances prior to the meeting of the Legislature. He also stated that he had himself been approached by W. M. Bickford, as a representative of Mr. Clark and his support solicited for the latter. The questions bringing out this infor mation were all objected to by the de fersa, who insisted that Mr. Clark must be directly connected with all tranaac tlons with which it wm sought to con nect his name. The reply was that his connection would be shown over Mr. Clark's signature. ESTEY HELD ON SHOOTING CHARGE LYNN. Jan. B—George L. Estey was held in 3500 bonds for the Superior Court this morning on a charge of shooting Michael Finnegan a month ago. Finne gan has brought civil action against Estey to recover 3OOO for injuries re ceived. Estey. It Is claimed, was drunk and flourishing a revolver, which he dis charged at random into a crowd in Central square. SAN DOMINICANS RAISE THE CASH SANTO DOMINGO, Jan. 6.—The pub lic subscriptions to liquidate the Bols maxe-Caccavell! claim of 280,000 francs, payment of which is being pressed by the French consul, largely cover the amount needed. A French fleet is ex pected to visit Santo Domingo, but the country la quiet, though considerable patriotic feeling is expressed through out the republic. The United States gunboat Machias 'has left here. YALE GETS VANDERBILT CASH NEW HAVEN. Ct.. Jan. 6.—Yale Uni versity today received the lOO,OOO be queathed by the late Cornelius Van derbilt The money was paid in one check and comes to the university free from all taxes. It will go into the gen eral fund of the institution. A TIGHT SQUEEZE. VICTORIA. B. C., Jan. B.—At the re assembling of the Legislature on Mon day, J. H. Turner, the opposition leader, will' present i want of confidence mo tion upon which it is hoped to defeat the Semlin ministry. Ah depends on Prentice of Llllobet. If he votes with the opposition, as is generally antici pated. the government is doomed. THE WEATHER. Fair and Colder. WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.—Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont- Fair and much colder tonight; fair Sunday; brisk northwesterly winds diminishing. Massachusetts— Fair and colder to night; fair Sunday: fresh northwester ly winds, diminishing. Rhode Island and Connecticut: Fair and colder in north portion tonight; fair Sunday; light to fresh northwester ly winds. Alleged Burglars Held at Quincy. QUINCY. Jan. 6.—Elroy C. Baldwin and John Kelley were arraigned in the District Court this momlg on the charge of larceny of silverware and a clock from the residence of Minot Terrill of South Weymouth. Dean's Unlucky Thirteen. ATTLEBORO. Jan. 6.—Ernest Dean, who was arrested in Cambridge several days ago, was sentenced by Judge Raed in the District Court today to serve 13 months in the House of Correction on two charges of entering buildings and larceny. SATURDAY, JANUARY 6. 1900. TIS THE SAME GREAT FLAME. —New York World. 4 iff  i i 4  i  4 i i  f 4 RUSSIAN TROOPS WERE MASSED  Big Movement Toward the Frontier of Afghan istan. EXPLAINED Ts"ANJEXPERIMENT LONDON, Jan. 6.—Prices were weak at the elosing of the Stock Exch inge today, partly due to stories of Russia massing troops on the frontier of Afghanistan. A semi-official explanation of these movements comes today from St. Petersburg, to the effect that they were marely tp test the capacity of the Central Asian railroads to transport troops. The experiment, it is added, is regarded as highly successful, as it proves that in case of necessity troops from the Caucasus can reach Kuhka in eight days. The above explanation Is hardly regarded as entirely satisfactory, hut official circles discredit the idea that Russia's present movements in any way threaten Afghanistan or India. Boston 38; Albany Bill Filed in the House The bill to authorize the lease of the Boston 38; Albany railroad to the New York Central railroad was filed with the clerk of the House of Representatives today. It reads as fol lows : Section I. The censent of the commonwealth is here by given to the contract and lease of the railroad, franchises and property of the Boston 38; Albany Railroad Company and to a supplemental contract in connection therewith for the sale of certain of its assets, which contracts were made and entered into between the directors of the Boston 38; Albany company and the directors of the New York Central 38; Hudson River Railroad Company on the 15th day of ovember, 1899, and which were severally approved and adopted by the stockhold ers owning more than two-thirds of the stock of each of said corporations which was represented and voted upon in person or by proxy at special meetings called separately for that pur pose. Section 2. By giving the consent aforesaid, the com monwealth does not waive or release any rights which are se cured to it under the charter of the Boston 38; Albany Railroad Company or under the charters of any of its constituent or leased lines, or under any general law. Section 3. This act shal 1 take effect on its passage. A Buffalo Teller Embezzles 48,000 BUFFALO, N. Y., Jan. 6.—F. A. N ewton, paying teller of th Fidelity Trust 38; Guaranty Company, Is an embezzler to the amount of 48,000. MARY A. DOHERTY BURIED IN WOBURN Funeral services over the remains of Miss Mary A. Doherty were held today In St. Francis de Sales Church. Charles town. Solemn high mass of requiem wa celebrated at 10, her brother, Rev. Owen J. Doherty of St. Philip s Church, being celebrant; Rev. Joseph S. Sheerin deacon and Rev. James Walsh sub deacon: master of ceremonies. Rev. John J. Driscoll. Within the sanctuary were seated many clergymen, among them being Rev. P. J. Supple pastor St. Francis de Sales Church, and Rev. Philip O'Don nell of St. Philip's Church. The inter ment was in Woburn. LAST6.3OP.M. ENGLAND YIELDS She Gives Up the Search of the German Steamer General at Aden. NOTES FROM BATTLE-GROUND BERLIN, Jan. 8— A despatch received here from Aden, the British forti fied port at the southern entrance of the Red sea, says the authorities of that place have renounced all further search of the imperial German mail steamer General, detained there under suspicion of having contraband of war on board. The despatch adds that the steamer will resume her voyage in a few days. BATTLE INDICATED AT COLESBERG. CAPE TOWN, Jan. 6.—The inconclusive fighting around Colesberg was re newed this morning, the British artillery opening to the westward of ths town. The despatches indicate that the attack is developing into a general engagement. A despatch from Caps Town says it is rumored there that General I 1 renoh has occupied Colesberg. Money Raised For Boers DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 6.—Considera ble money was raised for the Boer re lief fund at a pro-Boer meeting, last night, held under the auspices of the local branch of the Holland Transvaal Relief Society. Judge Newkirk of Ann Arbor made the principal address. There were 600 people present. Scouts From Columbia. VICTORIA, B. C.. Jan. The British Columbian government and Legislature unite in endorsing the decision to prof fer a company of 200 mounted scouts, equipped and deliv -rd at Halifax, or any other named place of debarkation for South African service. Each will be provided with a picked saddle horse, first-class saddle, uniform, rifle and re volver, the outlay Involved being 250 per man, or 30,000 for the corps. Some Campaign Notes. NEW YORK, Jan. 6.—Advices from Belmont say that two companies of Canadians, dtsiatched to cover the re turn of Colonel Pilcher's column, occu pied a pass, six miles out. to prevent any attempt of the Boers to cut off the force. A despatch from Cape Town relative to the release ot the steamer Mashona, having a quantity of American flour on beard, says the case arouses less inter est than that of the Bvndesrath, which, it is claimed, has been known for a year as a carrier of war materials to the Transvaal. Colonel Sir Charles Howard Vincent sailed tor South Africa today, although the doctors have not permitted him to accompany the London volunteers. Colonel Vincent is determined to give his unofficial services at the seat of war. Still Suspect an Advance. LONDON, Jan. 6.—Though nothing definite is permitted to pass the censor, sufficient transpires to confirm the be lief that an Important move on the Tu , gela river is imminent. The continual bombardment kept up on the Boer en trenchments and the numerous recon naissances, are anparently connected with a well-defined purpose. There are some indications that the British plan of attack includes an important move ment via Weenen. Can He Relieve Powell? LONDON, Jan. 6.—Colonel BadenPowell's defeat in the sortie at Mafe king raises serious doubts of his abil ity to hold out much longer. Today, however, comes a report that Colonel Plumer rea