NEWSPAPER: Boston Traveler
TITLE: The Boston Traveler
DATE: February 13, 1900
TOPICS: 
GEOGRAPHY: 
SOURCE ID: zs264h91t
---
THREE FREE TRIPS TO THE PARIS EXPOSITION GIVEN BY THE TRAVELER. ANOTHER TRIP IS OFFERED. ESTABLISHED 1824. SLAUGHTER PRICES —IN — Wie Enamelled Iron Bedsteads. We have about 100 white enamelled, brass trimmed iron bedsteads in our stock, patterns that we do not intend to carry this year, and they occupy a large floor space that we want to use for displaying our new Spring Styles—we want the room—youve got the room—and to make the transfer as quick as possible, we have marked the prices on these beds down on an average of one-half their regular selling price. There is nothing the matter with these goods. They are per fect in every way—are standard make and fin ish, with extra strong Joints. Pattern 74 J — This is a White Enamelled Iron Bedstead, with brass trimmings and strongly made. Several sizes. Regular Selling Price Slaughter Price 4.25 2.98 Pattern 025—1 s a very strongly made White Enamel Iron bed stead, with brass trimmings—a handsome pattern. Various sizes. Regular Selling Price Slaughter Price 6.25 2.98 Pattern 71—A very artistically de signed White Enamelled Iron Bedstead with brass trimmings and extra strong joints. Various sizes. Regular Selling Price Slaughter Price 875 4.95 Pattern 357 —This is a strongly made and very handsome White Enamelled Iron Bedstead, with brass rails, head and foot and brass crowns, extra heavy castings, extension foot Different sizes. Regular Selling Price Slaughter Price 11.50 5.50 of these patterns and sines can be ordered by mail—money with order. Our Teams Deliver Free Within Ten Miles of Our Store. ATKINSON FURNISHING CO. 827 Waslihifcxton BOSTON. st 827 THEY DESERT GATE CITY AL the Oncers and Crew Leave thv Steamer. MORICHES, L. 1., Feb. 18.—The re mainder of the officers and crew who had been left on board the Savannah line steamer Gate City, stranded near here, were taken off this morning, and are quartered at the Moriches life savEstabrook 38; Eaton Extend an invitation to all lovers of good tobacco who are looking for a smoke of excellent quality, at a moderate price, to visit their stores, 224 Washington St., or 116 Bedford St., and their new branch in the Masonic Temple, Boy Is ton St., on Wednesday, Feb. 14, and accept a sample packet of the Big Brother OF THE CUBA CICARRO EXACT SIZK OV "BIG BBUTHER." FREE OF CHARGE. The thousands of smokers who are using this tuny tp minutes smoke find in it the same spicy, aromatic tobacco they are accustomed to in their high-priced cigar. To you who have not tried it, we simply say ''Try one." Big Brother comes five in a box, and a box costs only 10 cents. They will please you and save you money. A sample package will be mailed ou on receipt of 10 cents in stamps, A SPECIAL prize for the Saleswomen is now given in the greatest popular voting contest ever known. Ing station. They were taken off In the breeches buoy. In a southeast gale. At 9:15 AM. the Gate City was broad side on the beach, the sea raised by the gale beating on her with such force that there are fears of her breaking up. king's daughters. The annual mld-wlnter conference of the King's Daughters and Sons of Es sex, Middlesex, Norfolk, Plymouth and Suffolk counties will be held tomorrow In the Temple Street M. E. Church. There will be sessions at 10 A. M. and at 2P. M. The programme Includes addresses by Mrs. Mary S. Howes of the W. C. T. U.; Mrs. Emma J. Wilson, su perintendent of the School for Colored Students at Mayesville, S. C.. and Mrs. Kate Spalding, secretary of the Con necticut branch of the society. Oe 15051011 traveler. JOHN C.PAIGE38;CO. 20 Kilby Street, Boston. Managers and Agents for the Following American and English Stock Fire Insurance Companies: 1803. 1900. IMPERIAL INSURANCE COMPANY (Limited) of London, Eng. Gross assets In United States Jan 1. 1900 11,938,375.74 All liabilities. including re insurance reserve 1,161,502.70 Net surplus In United States over all liabilities 788,873.04 JOHN C. PAIGE 38; CO., Resident Managers, Boston Metropolitan District. 1805. 1900. CALEDONIAN INSURANCE COMPANY of Scotland. Gross assets in United States Jan. 1, 1900 31,962,119.29 All 11 abilities including re insurance reserve 1,138,138.98 Net surplus in United States over all liabilities 813,980.31 CHARLES H. POST, United States Manager. N. A. McNEIL, Assistant Manager. 8. S. BANKS. N. E. Special Agent. ALSO Union Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., of London, Eng. 1866. 1900. PALATINE INSURANCE COMPANY, Ltd., of Manchester, Eng. Gross assets in United States January 1, 1900 32,637.777.33 All liabilities. Including re-in surance reserve X 069.244.30 Net surplus in United States over all liabilities 568,533.03 WILLIAM WOOD U. S. Manager. W. M. BALLARD. Assistant Manager. 1822. 1900 NATIONAL ASSURANCE COMPANY Of Dublin, Ireland. Gross assets in United States January 1. 1900 3513,060.88 All liabilities, including re-in surance reserve M2.30T.84 Net surplus in United States over all liabilities 310,759.04 GEORGE E. KENDALL, United States Manager. JANAGEHS AND AGENTS Ei Mechanics Ins. Co. of Philadelphia, Pa. Armenia Insurance Co. of Pittsburgh, Pa. 1817. 1900. FIRE ASSOCIATION of Philadelphia, Pa Gross assets January 1. 1900.. .36,280,028.42 All liabilities. Including re-insurance reserve and capital. 5.348.550.55 Net surplus over all 1,031,477.87 E. C. IRVIN, President. E. T. HERKNEBS, Secretary. S. G. PARSONS, W. H. HELLYAR. Special Agents. 1869. 1900. New Hampshire Fire Insurance Company of Manchester, M. H. Gross assets January 1, 1900.. .33,358.308.96 All liabilities. Including re-Insurance reserve and capital. 2.385.981.70 Net surplus over all 972,327.26 U. C. CROSBY, President. F. W. SARGENT, Secretary. C. C. CLIFFORD, Special Agent. Oi THE Underwriters a American Lloyds, New Ycrt. N.Y. Nalio.ial Surety Co., of New York. N. Y. Unsurpassed Facilities. Prompt and Experienced Attention Civen to Insurance of Every Description. Telephones: Boston 1433; Boston 3289. MASS. PENSIONS. WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.—The follow ing pension changes, from the issue of January 30, are announced: Massachu setts— Original, James E. Otis. Spring field, 8; Charles D. Fiske, Waltham, 36. Increase, Nicholas W. Chandler. Lynn, 6 to 8; Josiah A. Ames, Brock ton, 38 to 312; Frederick Tracy, East Boston, 36 to 38: William D. Lyons, HyStop Eating! Then it Ayers Hair Vigor and it Ini Write the Doctor 1 Kr f  Always Restores Color to Gray Hair Feed it with from growing. 38; If you do not obtain all the ben efits you desire from the use of the Vigor, wnte the Doctor about it. He will tell you just the right thing to do, and will tend you hit book on the Hair and Scalp if you re quest it. Address, thinner, until at out, too; and becomes soft A last you are starved to death. Stop feeding your hair and it will starve, falls out, turns gray, keeps short and rough  A year ago my hair wai coming out very fast. I bought a bottle of Ayers Hair Vigor to stop this. It not only stopped the falling of my hair, but made it grow very rapidly, until now it is 45 inches in length and very thick. Mrs. A. Boydston, Atchison, Kan. July 25, 1899. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900. annlsport, 316 to 317. Reissue and in crease, Charles H. BacheJer, Brookfield. 36 to 38. Original, widows, etc., Susan J. Wheat. West Medway 38. Original, widows, etc., special accd. February 1 Margaret E. Behan, Quincy, 38. War with Spain, original, Michael J. Austin, Charlestown, 310. In the Zoo. The Monkey—l never saw anyone s Irritable as the rhinoceros. The Ape—Dreadfully thin-skinned, isnt he?—lndianapolis Journal. BURGLARS IN RHODY WAKEFIELD. R. 1.. Feb. 13-Burglars were active in this vicinity last night. The railroad station at Hope Valley and the postoffice were broken into and the places ransacked. Nolhing of value was missed from the station, but at the postoffice 3100 In stamps and money was secured. LAST   6.30 P. M. ROBERTS PROMISE He Sends Word to BadenPowell THat He Will Relieve Mafeking In a Few Weeks. BRITISH CHECKED AT RENSBERC LONDON. Feb. 13.—An undated despatch from Mafeklng, via Gaberonea, Feb. 2, saya: "Colonel Baden-Powell has received a communication from Lord Roberts, promising relief would be sent in a few weeks. The food will last. The gar rison is as game as ever. The Boers have expressed their intention not to fight, but to starve us out AK well. ENGLISH OUTPOSTS DRIVEN IN. RENSBERG, Feb. 12 (evening).—The Boers have again driven in the British outposts on the western flank today, all outpost, at Bastards Nek, Hobkirk's Windmill and other points retiring to Maeders Farm. There were several casualties, but the details have not yet been received. LATER.—The Boers are actively pressing around Rensberg. The British force under Lieutenant-Colonel Page, consisting of a section of artillery and 150 horses, which reached Slingersfontein Feb. 10, has been compelled to fall back on Renaberg, owing to its eastern flank being threatened. KIMBERLEY BOMBARDED FEB- 8. LONDON, Feb. 13.—The war office has posted a de-patch from Colonel Kekewich, dated Sunday, Feb. U, to the effect that Kimberley was bombard ed throughout Feb. 8. During the morning of Feb. 9 a small Infantry engage ment. lasting two hours, occurred at Alexandersfonteln. The situation is unI 0x..1 Boers on Offensive. LONDON, Feb. 13.-A Pietermaritg burg despatch says a strong Boer force has been massed within one hours ride of Chieveley, the eaetern end of Gen eral Buller's line of communication with Springfield and the upper Tugela. The Boers have planted batteries in the neighborhood, and have also placed guns commanding Forts Wylie and Molyneux and both bridges across the Tugela. The war ofnco ts as silent as a tomb. Not a particle of information of any kind is given out, nor is any of the above despatches denied. The forward movement of the Boers, the first of any magnitude since they invested Lauysmith, is significant of plans they have made to offset any strategic movement devised by Lord Roberts in the neighborhood of Colenso and along the southern border of the Orange Free State as far west as the Modder river. As a matter of fact, the Boers during the past week have been much more active than the British, and all their movements have been on the offensive. The British have oeen kept busy avoid ing being outflanked at Rensberg and trapped along the Tugela. Moving Against Kimberley LONDON, Feb. 13.—General Sir Fred erick Forestier-Walker telegraphs to the war office as follows from Cape Town: Kekewich, the commander at Kim berley, reports on Feb. 8 that a native states that he accompanied the Boers, who have left Mafeking and came down to Kimberley, bringing their 6-inchers and quick-firing field guns. A 6-incher opened on Kimberley on Feb. 7. Other wise the situation is unchanged. Another despatch from the same source to the war office says: "Kimberley reports that the fighting force has apparently Increased, and on Feb. 7 the Boers commenced the con struction of trenches to the east and nearly parallel to the glacis (slopes), 400 yaids from the Premier mine. English Tribute to Boers. VICTORIA. B. C., Feb. 13.—A letter received by Mrs. A A. Humphries of this city from a captain of a border reg iment, since wounded at Spion Kop, givee a graphic description of the loss of the British guns ar the Tugela river. The letter was dated at Frere. Decem ber 21, and in pert says: "People hardly realize yet what a big undertaking this Is turning out to be. Everything points to the Boers having not less than 60,000 men in the field, with guns superior to ot rs In range and lit tle behind us In marksmanship, and until we get out a lot more troops there is no likelihood of our doing much more than hold them In check. "They are undoubtedly following out a plan of campaign which they have worked out tn all details in peace times, and they are carrying it out most per fectly. They have spies everywhere, und are always prept red to meet any move on our part almost before we have begun. "Buller has a hard nut to crack in the Boar position In front of us—Colenso hills defending the river Tugela. whlcn we must cross and which Is only ford able In places and far between. "We tried to do so last Friday and had a battle. We were 20,000 strong, and the Boers between lO.nOrt and 14,000. Our brigade. Fifth, attacked on the left, bMt our brigadier made an awful mess of it, and Buller ordered him to withdraw, which we did after 523 were killed and wounded. Something yent wrong witn the right brigade, and the officer com manding the Royal artillery advanced his guns up to witbin 700 yards of the Boer position and trenches long before the infantry were at hand to support him. "The Boers allowed the guns to be unlimbered, and then ioured such a hail of bullets that the teams of two batteries were killed in a very short time. When the gunners were shot down the attack could not be carried out, and Buller had to give the order to retire, and 10 guns han to be abandoned. Our total loss was 1147, and all for nothing Buller almost wept and was heard to exclaim: 'My brigades have sold me.  THE WEATHER. Clearing and Colder. WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.—Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont—Rain or snow followed by clearing and colder tonight; Wednesday fair and much colder; high southerly shifting to westerly wdnds. Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Con necticut—Clearing late this afternoon; fair and much colder tonight and Wed nesday; high southerly shifting to west erly winds. Dividend for Derry Held. MANCHESTER, N. H., Feb. 13.—As signee Loveren of the defunct Derry fleld Savings Bank of this city has ap plied to the supreme court of Hillsboro county for an order permitting him to sell the remaining securities, and as soon as this Is accomplished a final divi dend will be paid to th depositors. IMPROVED NIGHT CABINET. With the introduction of many new pieca of Invalid Furniture, we have undertaken h improve the designs of the old pieces an( incorporate a greater degree of comfort and convenience. The invention of sealed covers and pat ented pans has made it possible to greatl improve our Night Cabinets, and we ha them now in an inexpensive chair form, as shown in the engraving. I'll! added support of the back and arms means les fatigue to the patient. Come to us for everything you want in furniture for the sick. Paine FuRWfTURE Cx, can-M, STHKBT. SPECIAL PRIZE FOR WOMEN. MELLENS TRIBUTE TO HOAR Introduces Resolutions in the House Expressing Confidence in Senior Senator. Representative James H. Mellen tH Worcester introduced a resolution In thi House this afternoon, expressing confi dence In Senator Hoar, who was sa fiercely attacked at the Abraham Lin coln dinner of the Middlesex Club, last evening, by Congressman Cushman ot Washington. They are as follows: Resolutions of confidence In Senatof Hoar. Whereas, in the course of his publh utterances In the Senate of the Unite! States Senator George F. Hoar hat given expression to the loftiest senti ments of patriotism and sound publil policy, and Whereas, certain co